Typical Denya, uploading a Halloween-esque story on Christmas. When will he learn?

This is a part of Kikatsu's Secret Santa that I was honored to be a part of. It was a ton of fun ^^

I hope you like it  simon-moo ! 



He could hardly contain himself, much to the surprise of anyone glancing in his direction.  When facing a graying and decrepit manor, one that reeks of rotting wood and dying plants, your reaction wouldn’t typically be to bounce on your heels in excitement, yet Enngral, or Eggnog as he preferred to be called, wasn’t your typical dragon.  Armed with little more than a camera strapped around his broad orange neck, Eggnog was prepared for his chance of a lifetime: to finally capture a ghost on film. 

	“Oh man, this is it!” The orange drake beamed as he skipped down the path leading to the front entrance, his energetic movements contrasting heavily with the aged exterior of the mansion. Gripping his camera with one hand, Eggnog grabbed the door handle with the other and swung it open, ignoring the ghastly noise emitted by its rusted hinges. “Alright, ghosts! Come out and…uh…”

	Eggnog blinked, dropping both the camera and his jaw. The dragon expected to see an ancient room full of cobwebs and dust, with dozens of ghosts floating around, lifting chairs, moaning, and whatever else it is that ghosts do. What he didn’t expect was for the foyer to be so… livable! Several wall mounted lamps lit up the grand room, causing the polished staircase in front of him to glow a beautiful golden hue. The ground was covered with a thick red carpet soft enough for Eggnog to noticeably sink into, its vibrant crimson color devoid of any dust one would expect from an ancient and abandoned mansion. For a brief moment, the dragon wondered if he had been giving directions to the wrong mansion and he had just broken into someone else’s cozy abode. 

	Eggnog had just turned around to leave when he heard it: the majestic noise of an organ being played deep within the manor. While not normally being overly fond of classical music, Eggnog couldn’t help but find this particular song rather alluring, as if calling out to him. Almost immediately Eggnog assumed the possibility that this was enchanted to lure in unsuspecting victims into being possessed by otherworldly creatures, so naturally the dragon headed towards the direction of the noise. “I ain’t gonna get any pictures waiting for them to come to me, afterall!” 

	The mansion was huge, far larger on the outside than Eggnog could have ever predicted just from looking at it from outside (but then again, no one could have predicted the interior of the decrepit house would be so lavish either), further instigating the dragon’s suspicions that the building was, indeed, haunted. “Oh man, I’m gonna be so freaking rich!” The dragon squealed in anticipation, clutching his camera all the more tightly. Maybe he could grab something ornate or expensive-looking on the way out after he took a few pictures. It’s not like any of the ghosts would need it.

	As the dragon traveled deeper into the twisting and turning corridors of the mansion, he started to notice some rather peculiar items surrounding him, namely the long row of portraits hung up on the wall. Closest to him was a rather beautiful hand-painted picture of a dragon who, aside from being much older and much MUCH thinner, somehow closely resembled Eggnog. Under the painting was a name (which had been smeared away with age) and a date from sometime in the 1400s. The further down the hall he traveled, the more modern the dates beneath the paintings became, making it quite obvious that the next dragon was a descendent of the other one, and so on and so forth. However, as the dates became more and more modern, their respective dragon paintings grew wider. Eggnog was actually surprised as he noticed the drakes lose their chiseled jaw lines and other angular features, to the point where they started developing second chins. Heck, once he reached the 1900s, the dragons could hardly even fit in their portraits anymore, although their snide grins made Eggnog wonder if each descendent even noticed how much fatter they were than their forefathers. Just as the dragons started approaching what Eggnog assumed was the 500 pound mark, the paintings suddenly stopped, with only empty frames hanging down the rest of the hallway.

 “Huh, guess I’m all caught up,” Eggnog mumbled, casting a glance at the massive doublewide doors before him. The organ was louder than ever, its notes practically vibrating through his very being. Surely the source of the music, as well as what he assumed to be dozens of ghosts, lay behind the door! Would he encounter the spirits of the dragons before him? Can a ghost be just as fat as it’s previous body? Could a fat ghost possess a skinny body? Eggnog was so excited to find out, he didn’t even notice himself opening the door until the organ music suddenly stopped. 

The room was massive and extravagant, even for a mansion’s standards. Eggnog was temporarily stunned by the shining golden walls with brilliant crimson decorations mounted everywhere. Several giant chandeliers hung from the ceiling, their crystal adornments alone probably cost more than what Eggnog made in a year! In the middle of such a vacant room was an enormous table, it’s sturdy legs looking rather bent beneath the weight of the feast on top of it.

But that wasn’t what caused Eggnog’s jaw to drop.

No, it were the dozens, if not hundreds of hands surrounding the table, each of them bearing some kind of platter or another item of food to lay onto the overburdened table. The hands themselves were all rather unremarkable, save for the interesting white gloves they all wore… as well as floating around without a corresponding arm, or body for that matter. There was even a hand by the pipe organ sitting in the backroom, who had long stopped playing to look at their intruder. In fact, most of the floating white hands stopped what they were doing to turn and “face” the dragon. One of them was even slowly drifting towards him.

With shaky hands, Eggnog slowly reached for the camera hung around his neck, knowing full well this was what he came here for. “Alright… this is it… just gotta…”

The hand was 15 feet away.

“Gotta take the shot…”

10 feet away.

“T-take the shot… and r-run…”

5 feet away.

“T-t-take the shot…”

But it was no use. Eggnog couldn’t bring himself to move his index fingers onto the button. Instead, he simply looked on in horror as the hand slowly brought itself closer to him… before lowering itself, extending its fingers forward while keeping the thumb back. 

“O-oh… a handshake?” The dragon shakily extended his claw, and gasped as the gloved hand quickly grabbed his and shook it rather gently. If Eggnog didn’t know better (and perhaps had his eyes closed) he would have assumed he was shaking hands with a wealthy upperclassmen. Once the handshake was done, the hand started pointing at his chest.

“H-huh? Oh, you mean this?” Eggnog asked, holding his camera up. “I was wondering if… if I could take a picture with everyone? It doesn’t have to be right now if you’re… busy, or something.”

The hand waved it’s index finger around, silencing the mumbling dragon before poking Eggnog’s orange chest, then gestured with its thumb towards the table. At first Eggnog assumed it was asking him to help set the table, before seeing another hand slide back one of the numerous chairs and pointed towards the seat. “You… want me to stay and eat?” 

Both hands gave a thumbs up.

“Alright!” Eggnog padded over towards the table, grinning the entire way. He wasn’t the kind of drake to turn down free food, even if it was offered by questionable spirits. He hadn’t noticed earlier due to his fear, but everything on the table looked and smelled amazing! The table was completely covered with various colors, from the golden browns of smoked meats to the whites of several meringue desserts. Somehow the ghosts managed to fit a few Christmas decorations onto the table, a few small decorated trees and ornaments lay strewn about, although upon closer inspection Eggnog realized those too were made of candy. So mesmerized he was that the dragon completely forgot to question why a bunch of ghosts would go through with the effort of making such an incredible meal if no one was around to eat it. No one, save for the stray wondering dragon.

As soon as Eggnog took his seat, he felt himself get pushed in rather close into the table. Soon the hands were sent into a flurry of motion, most of them finishing up preparing the dinner while some stayed to set a napkin on the dragon’s lap or present him with silverware. Eggnog watched all the hands fly about, feeling a little awkward. “Erh, do you guys need my help or anything…?” Instead of responding, the hand from earlier floated towards the drake and pressed it’s index finger into his muzzle, and Eggnog could swear he heard a “ssshhhh” sound somewhere. 

And he stayed quiet, that is, until his stomach let out a massive growl as he saw what was being presented to him! An enormous wedge of glazed ham was brought over to him, it’s lavishing scent pervading his nostrils and making his brain feel quite numb. Just as he was about to reach for the silverware, two more hands appeared and took those away from him, cutting out a large bite by themselves until the forked hand brought the bite towards him. 

Without asking, Eggnog bit down on the ham and moaned, feeling every tastebud in his mouth melt with delight. The outside was loud and crispy, while the inside was as soft as butter, a perfect blend of sauces and spices refining and enhancing the already-scrumptious taste of the ham. And the smell, it was so wonderful even the writer was drooling just thinking of a proper way to describe it! 

With a small squeal of delight, Eggnog relaxed in his chair and opened his mouth again, where yet another hunk of ham found its way into him. As he ate, another pair of hands found their way to his shoulders where they started squeezing and kneading at his stiffened muscles. Purring softly, the dragon allowed himself to completely relax under the care of the hands, who all did their best to feed and pamper their guest to his heart’s content. 

The longer he ate, the more hands came to spoil him. Soon Eggnog had two hands massaging his arms, three that took turns squeezing his tail, two more for some heavenly foot rubs, and even one who was combing and brushing his sandy blond hair! Even with the wonderful rubs, however, Eggnog’s true attention was devoted to the food being literally spoon fed to him. Everything that entered his mouth was hastily eaten without a second thought due to it all tasting just so amazing. And Eggnog didn’t have to move a single muscle, just chew and swallow!

The glazed ham was eventually picked clean, followed by the mashed potatoes and hashed browns. The nearby organ music, while not exactly the most calming of instruments, certainly helped add to the atmosphere. Just listening to it was like putting a spell on the greedy dragon, who felt himself constantly slipping in and out of consciousness. It was difficult for him to even tell what was real or what was a dream anymore. For all he knew, he could have died and went straight to heaven! 

Of course, such a hearty meal didn’t come without its share of consequences. As Eggnog finished off a large plate of roast beef, the dragon felt his stomach start to brush against his thighs, before resting on his lap entirely. Eggnog lazily opened his eye to glance at his bloated stomach and smirked, patting it a few times. No sooner had he done that did two more hands descend upon him, kneading and massaging his doughy middle. Eggnog had always been a chubby dragon, and a few extra pounds wasn’t gonna deter him from finishing up what was quickly becoming the best meal of his life. Sure, he was starting to develop a hanging second chin, his chest was rounding out to form a pair of squishy breasts, and the chair was starting to dig in a bit into his widened rump, but he could always  jog it off later, right? Right now, he was here to enjoy himself and, most importantly, to eat.

And eat he did! Mound after mound of delicious treats made their way into the gluttonous drake, adding to the dragon’s fuller look. His round stomach continued taking up more and more space on his lap until it pressed against the table, warping itself around the edge. At this point, the ghosts were less massaging his being and more playing with his new abundance, the hands squeezing and kneading his plump stomach, his flabby chins and cheeks. One of them even made a cheeky squeeze at his rump through the seat, although it wasn’t like Eggnog could react to it, not when there was still so much more food to eat! The portions steadily grew larger and larger, filling up the dragon’s maw and causing his plump cheeks to bulge out even further. Even so, the fat drake managed to keep up with the feeding, that is until he opened his muzzle for a sip of eggnog… and instead received the entire pitcher!

Eggnog’s eyes shot wide open as he found himself forced to drink down the massive container until he could breathe again. Once it was drained, the flabby drake sat panting, giving the ghosts a perfect opportunity to stuff his mouth with a thick wedge of cake! “W-wait! I’m not- mmmf!” Eggnog tried pleading, but his words were cut short when half an apple pie was crammed into his maw! From then on, the dragon realized he was no longer their guest: he was their captive! 

Eggnog tried squirming to escape but it was no use, his flabby stomach was wedged beneath the table and his thighs, keeping him firmly locked in place. His love handles had also started morphing around the chair, his back fat enveloping the chair rest while his rump completely buried the seat. Even if he could somehow pry himself out of it, there was no way his fat-filled body could escape a room full of a dozen ghostly hands eager to feed him more! 

The obese dragon whimpered softly as his face was stuffed faster and faster, watching as his body ballooned outwards before him. With every hand he ate from, two more took its place, some of them fighting to be the first to feed him. The chair beneath him continued creaking and groaning, growing increasingly tight and uncomfortably before finally shattering beneath him. Eggnog yelped, but instead of falling hard onto his rump, a dozen hands had appeared beneath him and lowered him gently onto the ground. He might have appreciated the gesture, had another hand not started forcing giant slices of turkey into his muzzle. 

The bigger he grew, the more hands rushed over to rub his growing body, the majority of which kneaded his growing belly. Eggnog didn’t even bother trying to brush them away, his arms had grown rather heavy and he wasn’t in the mood to resist, even as he fattened up like some legendary Christmas pig. Platter after platter of rich and filling dishes vanished into the dragon-turned-food-disposal, Eggnog finally mastering the fine art of devouring entire meals without the need to swallow. With nothing else to do, the dragon closed his eyes and let the spirits do their thing, eating everything they threw at him… that is, until they ran out.

“Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuawrp!” Eggnog panted, feeling physically and mentally exhausted after his ordeal. When he finally opened his eyes, the mound of drake was startled to see that the entire feast had all been cleared away, although he couldn’t tell for sure, seeing as how his stomach dominated most of his view. He was enormous, far past immobility at this point, a massive lard-filled balloon. His belly had grown half as long as the entire table, and several times as wide, a wobbling orange pool of orange-scaled pudge. His thighs, far wider than his entire body was before he entered the room, were forced out to accommodate his new girth, and yet even those lay partially buried. His arms now resembled flabby tubes or sausages, too thick and heavy to even brush the crumbs off of his pillow-sized moobs. As for his rump, Eggnog couldn’t physically move his neck, let alone turn back to look at it, although given how his tree-trunk sized tail could no longer reach the ground, it was safe to say it, too, was enormous. 

Naturally, the hands were all over him, groping, squeazing, and kneading at the puddle of flab before them. Many of them played with their new dragon plaything, lifting the drake’s moobs, squeezing his thick collar of fat, groping his cheeks (all of them), etc. However, most stayed close to the dragon’s stomach, roaming around its soft, delicate surface, or finding new rolls to wiggle into. 

The strangest part was, despite knowing he should fell completely humiliated at the scenario, couldn’t help but enjoy every bit of it. 

Soon the smell of more food wafted towards the obese dragon, and before he knew it more hands had sprung up from the kitchen, each of them loaded with even more food.

“It’s about time, I was starting to wither away over here!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/25849820/