Your belly will surely grow quite far~

Well, that's certainly an understatement, as  shindenwolf will tell you after what he went through here. It turns out, making vague wishes can lead to unexpected results. VERY unexpected results.

Wow, this is by far one of the most ambitious projects I've ever worked on. It starts out with gradual weight gain, followed by sudden dragon TF and growth, and concluding with even MORE weight gain, much more than I usually do! Not only that, but I think this is the first story I've written to exceed 6,000 words! It was quite the challenge, but one I'm rather proud of, with thanks to many friends for helping me proofread and editing this story. 

I really hope you enjoy reading this as I enjoyed writing it! 



	Not even the crisp night air could cool down Shinden. Despite the cool breeze blowing through town, the long-toothed wolf was sweating buckets as he jogged through the suburban side walk, his ragged panting echoing throughout the neighborhood. It was painful, from the fire burning in his calves to his feet pounding heavily against the hard concrete, but every step he took reminded him why he chose to run in the first place. He could feel his legs aching from the movement, his fisted paws pumping beside him in sync with his steps, but worst of all, he could feel his soft belly wobbling with every step he took.

	Before Shinden had been granted a brief vacation from work, he had been the lean and trim figure expected from a jet pilot. His rigorous work schedule had constantly kept him on the move, whether it be around base or in the air. Regardless, not a single ounce stuck to the svelte wolf’s frame in all his years as a pilot; that is, until he finally received permission from his higher-ups for a 2 month vacation. 

	Had Shinden thought ahead, he would have known better than to schedule his vacation during November and December, the two months with holidays famous for their massive feasts. As such, he was quite (un)fortunate enough to make it to his family just in time for Thanksgiving, where he was given a warm welcome in the form of a massive table full of food! Of course, Shinden had a strict diet he knew he should stick to in order to continue fitting into his cramped cockpit, but what kind of monster would he be to deny something from relatives he rarely visits? As such, he proceeded to relax and enjoy his time with his family, telling tales of his aviator feats while devouring mountains of mashed potatoes, turkey, stuffing, pies, and other delicious meals. After living on simple rations for so long, the saber tooth wolf found it difficult to restrain his appetite, eating to the point where his stomach started peeking out from beneath his shirt and then some. Granted, held a vague idea that all this high-starch, carb-loaded food would surely end up sticking with him, but that’s nothing a few hours of exercise couldn’t fix, right?

	Even with Shinden’s ridiculous appetite, there were still more than enough leftovers available to keep everyone full and well fed for weeks, himself included. It had been such a long time since the entire family was together after all, so naturally Mr. And Mrs. Wolf outdid themselves with enough cooking to make sure everyone left satisfied, and then some. Shinden himself received the majority of it, with strict instructions to finish it all before it went rotten. Without much choice, the saber tooth wolf started off what would soon become routine, leading to an irreversible change within his body.

	Every morning, Shinden would start the day with a heated up plate of leftovers, which he would eat on the couch as he tried catching up with the latest shows. While he may have had intentions to exercise at some point in the day, the combination of his relaxing couch and the plateful of warm turkey would almost always lull Shinden into a midmorning food coma, dozing through most of the day until his hungry belly woke him up for an afternoon meal. “I should head to the gym after this meal,” the saber tooth wolf would mutter to himself as he prepared even more leftovers, only to end up vegetating on the couch yet again until it was time for bed. 

	This pattern went on for weeks on end, with the expected results occurring within days. At first these changes were hardly noticeable: his jeans grew a little snug, his flat stomach rounded out a little, etc. Whenever Shinden repositioned himself on the couch in such a way that it caused his shirt to ride up and expose his soft white tummy, he would simply shrug it off as a post-meal binge. 

	However, as time went on it became harder and harder to hide his growing weight, and yet the fanged wolf did little to change his fate. Shinden’s stomach became constantly visable beneath his shirt within a mere two weeks into his vacation. The following day, he ripped a massive hole in his pants when he bent to pick up a discarded chip. Next week, the sabertooth wolf was forced to wear an old exercise hoodie with matching sweats, the irony lost on him as he made no attempt to move unless it was towards the kitchen. Within only a few short days, the grey fabric was already being stretched to the limit as it struggled to withhold the excess pudge. 

	Even with so much compelling evidence telling him otherwise, Shinden continued to deny his increasing weight. “It’s just a little bloated, that’s all. I ate like two pounds of turkey a while ago,” he would say to anyone who pointed out his jiggling gut poking through his worn out jacket. “Give it a few hours, It’ll shrink back down.” 

	With Christmas quickly approaching, that statement couldn’t be anymore false. With the new holiday came more feasts, and with more feasts came more girth, and more girth meant more ripped clothing. To add more work onto his already productive days of binging on food and TV, Shinden used what precious spare time he had left to shop online for clothes. He had to remain decent after all for his long hours of sitting and eating, even if his growing body did a good job of covering himself up. Subconsciously, the grey canine would order larger clothing with each purchase he made, trying as hard as he could to avoid the fact that he was gaining weight.

	Try as he might, Shinden’s blissful fantasy vanished into thin air once reality reared its ugly head in a way that made the pilot cringe quite heavily mid-jog. 

	It was Wednesday, January 4th, the day Shinden’s break was officially over. The poor wolf had to physically pry himself away from the couch that morning to get to work, something he never thought he’d end up doing due to his passion for flying. The drive to the airbase was also unusually uncomfortable as Shinden had to crank his seat back as far as possible just to squeeze in, and even then his gut would accidently honk the horn whenever he leaned too far forward. Getting out was another issue, as the rotund wolf accidently parked a little too close to another car, making it nigh impossible to squeeze his bulk through. Panting with exertion, Shinden slowly lumbered towards the front door of the base. The day hadn’t even started yet and he was already overdue for a nap and some Christmas ham. 

	From then on, Shinden’s day only went from bad to worse as he encountered a myriad of problems. That exhausting day was a blur of getting wedged through doors, squeezing into clothes several sizes too small, being teased by the other pilots, and even overturning a table when he sat down to eat! The poor canine couldn’t take more than two steps without being reminded how hilarious overweight he was. Barely anyone recognized the waddling ball of fur and fat, and even when they did they would howl with laughter and mock the poor wolf.

 “Gahahahah! D’ya swallow a beanbag chair or somethin’?” X Laughed out loud as he stuck his finger into Shinden’s exposed navel, wiggling it about. 

“S-shut up, it’s not that bad…” Shinden blushed as he tried swatting X’s paw away, almost losing balance due to the sheer moment he carried in his thick arm alone. The sabertooth wolf had spent a total of 20 minutes squeezing his way into his flight jacket, and even then he filled out every inch of it. The fat canine was positively crammed into his tiny uniform, small holes appearing between his buttons, filled with tufts of fur and chub. Not a single wrinkle was sighted on his outfit as the material clung to his body like paint to a wall. 

Despite the tubby wolf’s protests, X continued to play around with the wolf’s tubby navel, snickering softly. “Unless you’re just wearing a massive fat suit, it’s pretty bad, dude.” With a cheeky grin, the smaller fox gripped the undersides of Shinden’s bulbous stomach and lifted, struggling to heave so much chub at one go, his paws disappearing into the grey sphere. “Oof, it’s heavy like a beanbag too!”

“Cut that out!” Shinden exclaimed, stepping out from the vulpine’s reach. “Alright, I get it! I put on a few pounds, now quit messing with my gut! I really don’t wanna burst my uniform in front of the Major.”

“If you do, make sure to film it. That way you could make millions off Youtube ad revenue!” X was having a harder time containing his fat jokes than Shinden’s shirt was containing the wolf’s pudge. “Besides, I doubt he’d make a comment or anything. If I were him, I’d get on your good side to avoid being eaten!”

“And if’n he does eat me, I’ll be sure to give him one helluva stomach ache.”

Both furs nearly leapt out of their uniforms (which would have been a blessing for Shinden) as they heard a third voice cut into their conversation. The chubby wolf in particular broke into a cold sweat as he recognized the voice belonging to the major, realizing his superior officer had probably listened in on most of the conversation. Shinden frantically swiveled his head left and right, searching for the Major so he could properly salute him.

That is, before he remembered how vertically challenged said Major was. 

Shinden’s face glowed bright red as he realized he didn’t even see the superior officer standing right before him, hidden from view beyond the crest of his belly. Scratching his ear awkwardly, the rotund wolf had to lean forward a little before he got a glimpse at his small leader. “Oh! There you are, erh, sir!”

“Indeed, here I am,” Major Zachary snorted abruptly, his fierce blue eyes staring back at his subordinate. Despite being a mix between a German Shepherd and a Husky, which were both very large breeds of dog, Zachary was a diminutive three feet tall, the tips of his pointy ears unable to reach Shinden’s chest. As such, the little shepsky had a habit of entering rooms unnoticed, although this time he chose to raise his voice as loud as it could get. “What in tarnation did ya do to yourself, boy! Ya look like some sort o’ goddamned balloon animal!” The brown dog parked harshly, gripping Shinden’s belly tightly and jostling it around. 

Shinden whined as he felt his stomach wobble about, feeling his tight uniform dig into his flesh even further. “I-I can explain, s-sir. You see-“

“Can it, muffin top! The only thing I see here is a bloated buffoon who needs to learn when to put the fork down!” Major Zachary snarled, digging his arms straight into the wolf’s doughy gut. “By god, you look like some kind of furry monster! I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone so-“

Poiiiiing!

Zachary never got to finish his sentence. In less than an instant, the lowest button on Shinden’s jacket finally sprang off, ricocheting off the nearby wall and landing harmlessly on the opposite side of the room. However, Zachary didn’t land quite as harmlessly. With less fabric in the way, Shinden’s gut surged forward a couple inches, the edge of which bumped the smaller dog’s face and sent him stumbling onto his rump. 

The room was deafly quiet after the sudden ordeal, with no one knowing what to do or say. Shinden wanted to lean forward and help the Major up, but with the smaller dog hidden beneath his looming tummy, it was difficult to tell whether he’d end up doing more harm than good. Fortunately, X was there to quickly scramble over and help Zachary up, muttering several apologies on his friends behalf, but even so the shepsky looked as furious as ever. In what would later go down as the worst moment in Shinden’s life, the small dog sprang onto his feet and shouted at the top of his lungs the words which child and pilot alike dread to hear: “Until you lose that weight, You’re grounded!”


Just thinking back to that moment made Shinden cringe mid jog as his aching legs brought him back to the present. He had been using the Major’s harsh words as a form of encouragement to help force him to run further, as well as the humiliation that came after due to the fat pilot running away from the scene, with several other pilots jeering and prodding at the wobbling wolf. Even so, negative encouragement could only bring you so far, something Shinden quickly learned as his jog slowly decayed into a waddle, before finally halting altogether. 

“Darn it…” Shinden gasped and panted as he leaned against a mailbox, his ears folding as he felt the metal pole bend beneath his weight. “This joggings… s’posed to make me thinner… but I feel even heavier…” The round wolf whined. It took months of nothing but lazing and binging to bring him to his current weight, so imagining what it would take to slim back down was truly agonizing. 

With a sad sigh, Shinden glanced up at the clear night sky, gazing at the countless stars before him. Oh, how he wanted to escape the confines of gravity and fly among the sky once more, diving through the clouds and rocketing through the Earth’s atmosphere. As he was now, there was no possible way he could fit into the cockpit of his favorite jet; hell, he’d probably have to buy two airplane tickets at this size.

“Please…” Shinden felt the word escape his breathless lips, trying to ease off the tremendous weight on his chest. There was no one around for the wolf to speak to, and yet he felt the need to plead to something, whether it be himself, the dented mailbox, or the stars themselves. “Please, let me reach the clouds yet again. I don’t care if I look like a fat monster like the Major said, I just wanna touch the sky again!” 

Here’s the funny thing about making a wish on a star: There are well over 9,000 of them in the night sky; however, only one of them grants a wish at a time. If it were the same star every time, there wouldn’t be anyone to stop these people for wishing upon it again and again after all. Once the lucky star grants the wish, it’s powers immediately flow into another star at random, making it impossible to predict which star holds the power to make one’s dreams come true.

So imagine how lucky Shinden must have been to beat that one in 9,000 chance and happened to make that wish upon a star right when it received the power! 

	As Shinden continued to stare into the night sky, he noticed the nearby trees and houses start to dwindle away from his peripheral vision. For a few fleeting moments, the chubby wolf actually believed he was levitating towards the heavens, his fluffy tail wagging furiously. Looking around, he noticed the surrounding houses and trees were starting to look much smaller in comparison. However, it only took a few moments for Shinden to determine something was off once he realized that, even his head was moving upwards, his feet still remained firmly planted on the gro-

	*RIPPPPPPPP*

	“W-w-what the…!” Shinden gasped, his voice sounding much gruffer than usual as he glanced down at his exposed body, his elation swiftly turning into panic. That tearing sound was the growing wolf’s jacket finally ripping free, now a tattered series of fabric that clung to his expansive middle. Similarly, Shinden’s pants soon met the same fate as they exploded into confetti, revealing a truly bone-chilling sight: his heart-patterned tighty-whities. 

	The nightmares didn’t stop there, unfortunately. The growing wolf gasped as he felt his skin tighten up, hardening into scales covered in fluff. His already long tail growing disproportionately longer, expanding several times thicker as well. Panting with fear, Shinden turned around to get a better view of his widening tear, which caused him to accidently knock the dented mailbox right out form it’s hole.

	“What the hell is thissss *doink!*” Shinden was cut off as his head bumped into the overhead lamppost, almost causing him to bite off his forked tongue… wait, forked tongue! Crossing his eyes, the pilot looked down at his muzzle to discover that it too was changing, his snout growing broader and stubbier while his nostrils migrated on top of his nose. Whimpering in fear, Shinden tried grabbing at his muzzle, only to nearly scratch it right off as he discovered almost too late how long his claws had gotten, which now sported a ruby red color scheme. 

	Taller and taller he grew, the poor pilot immobilized in fear as he realized what he was transforming into. As if on cue, Shinden yelped as he felt a sharp pain around his broad back, immense pressure building up until it finally released like two mighty zits. “Yeeeeowch!” He roared, a thunderous boom resonating down the street and back again as Shinden flapped his mighty, creating a small gale strong enough to send the cars skidding down the street.

	Which were the size of his feet.

	“Oh no…” Shinden gulped and looked down at himself once the transformation was finally complete, his glowing yellow eyes shining wide with terror. In only a few short minutes, the pilot had changed from an average-sized wolf (well, average height at least) into a colossal 10 story tall dragon, casting a huge shadow over the entire neighborhood. Even if Shinden managed to retain a few of his wolf traits, such as his grey fur, he was virtually unrecognizable. 

	And to make matters worse, he was still fat.
	“This is not good,” Shinden growled, his tone unusually harsher than before. He just wanted to go back to flying planes again, not outgrow a hanger! And top it all off, he also had to undergo a sudden and painful transformation into 

	Zachary worked well under pressure; almost too well, in fact. Many of his subordinates joked among themselves that he was so short because he purposely allowed himself to be subjected to extreme pressure every day. Tonight, he felt as though if he were under anymore pressure, he would turn into a diamond.

	 His office phone rang yet again, the sound making the shepsky want to tear his ears off. The telephone had been ringing nonstop for the past half hour as countless furs reported a massively obese dragon tearing up the neighboring area, it’s sheer size causing devastating earthquakes with every lumbering step it took. Fortunately, there have been no reported injuries, possibly due to how easy it is to avoid such an eye-catching sight, but that wasn’t what worried the Major currently.

	What truly startled Zachary was how something so massive managed to sneak into the city so easily!

	Eyewitness reports also told him that the fat dragon was currently waddling its way to the airbase, which sent a shiver down the dog’s spine. Something was luring the monster here, but what? Was it some sort of Godzilla-like beast who craved radiation? Or was it something more… simple? 

	“Major!” Zachary whirled around to find X barging into his office, his pilot’s uniform damp with sweat. “I think I know what it wants.”

	“So you figured it out too?” The shepsky snorted, folding his arms. The air base contained no nuclear weapons or anything of the sort. It didn’t take a mastermind to figure out what else a crazed wild animal would be after. “I suppose you don’t need me to tell you what to do next, X.” Zachary explained as he craned his head back to look up at the taller vulpine. 

	“Not at all sir, I exactly what to do!” X saluted, although with some hesitation. “It’s just, we’ve never actually practiced using it as a weapon. As you know, it’s mainly used during times of emergency in impoversered-“

	“This is an emergency, pilot!” Zachary spat out, growling in a way that would have looked adorable if the shepsky wasn’t 37 years old.  “You know damn well we can’t drop a bomb on that monster without massive collateral damage, and there isn’t anyone else out there that could stop a 50 ton dragon before it wreaks havoc on the city! We’re the first line of defense here, X, possibly the only line of defense! Now I suggest you quit gawkin’ at me with your tail between your legs and start prepping your jet for takeoff before I light a fire under your ass!” 

	“I…erh,” X looked down at the tiny shepsky in absolute horror, realizing that the Major was at the perfect height to carry out such a threat. Clearing his throat, the startled vulpine quickly stood to attention. “Yes sir, right away sir!” He announced before dashing out of the room, his tail still tucked between his legs. 

	“If I don’t hear jet engines within 5 minutes I’m running after you with the gasoline!” Zachary shouted out before collapsing into his chair, letting out a mighty sigh. He knew he shouldn’t worry, or even need to shout threats at X to get motivated. The fox was the best pilot he’s ever worked with… well, almost the best. That title belonged to Shinden. Turning to face out the window, Zachary peered outside, curious as to how the fat pilot was faring during all this chaos.



	“Crap crap crap crap crap crap crap!” 

	Shinden was panicking almost as much as the poor furs running away from him were, the bashful dragon folding back his ear frills. He was the last person who wanted to destroy an entire neighborhood single handedly, yet here he was crashing through home after home, wrecking havoc everywhere he stumbled due to misjudging his size, weight, and coordination. His tail alone accounted for the majority of property damage, due to Shinden forgetting it was now a massive log of fat and muscle instead of fur. The rest of the destruction was caused by accidently stepping on cars no larger than his feet, or windows shattering due to the miniature earthquakes he caused with every step. Fortunately, the massive dragon hadn’t injured anyone yet, although there were many cases that were too close for comfort due to falling debris or almost stepping on someone. 

	“T-this’ll all be over soon, I promise,” Shinden called out to the horrified denizens below him, although he didn’t expect anyone to cease their panicking. As far as he knew, the dragon’s words were nothing more than roars and snarls in the ears of the smaller furs. Instead, Shinden choose to continue motivating himself as he trudged through the scarred neighborhood, his eyes focused on the airbase as it came into view. “Almost there… Major will know what to do…or at least find someone who can help me… right?”

	Just as the fat dragon was approaching the base, he spotted a familiar figure flying towards him. Sliding to a halt, Shinden whooped for joy as he recognized X’s jet rocketing directly to him while waving a pudgy arm over his head. “X! Oh, am I glad to see you!” Swishing his tail excitedly, the large dragon grinned from ear to ear as he watched the sleek black jet fly around him, looking not unlike a toy plane. “You won’t believe what just happened to me… well, maybe you can kinda see from all the, uh, destruction behind me, but still it’s been a hell of a night. ”

	The relief was quite evident on the dragon’s chubby face as he relayed his predicament to the flying plane, which made no attempt to answer him back. At last, after nearly an hour of encountering horrified furs, Shinden finally found someone who didn’t see him as dumb fat monster rampaging through town.

	At least, that’s what Shinden originally thought, until he noticed the bomb bay doors open on X’s jet. 

	“A B-b-b-bomb!?” The dragon’s eyes were as wide as satellite dishes as he stared in horror at the advancing jet, noticing an object within the jet’s bomb bay. All feelings of hope were shattered as he saw his friend suddenly fly straight for his face, the poor monster stumbling back awkwardly. “W-w-wait just a second, X! I-it’s me! Shinden! Don’t you recognize me?” Shinden knew it was a strange question, seeing as how the only similarities he shared with his new form was the grey fur and fat stomach, but he figured that had to count for something, right?

	Well, apparently not. Without hesitation, X dove as close to Shinden’s head as possible before pulling up, the bottom of his jet grazing the dragon’s earfrills, leaving behind the device headed straight for the beast’s head!

	“Aiyeeeeee-ulp!” Shinden screamed, only to be interrupted as the bomb flew straight down his gullet. Realizing what he had done, the massive drake closed his eyes in fear as he felt the bomb slowly fall through his esophagus, awaiting the painful explosion any minute now. Soon, the bomb would detonate within his belly, most likely blowing him apart into millions of tiny pieces….

	BWUUUUUMPF!

	Well, the bomb did detonate inside him, although the explosion was not quite what he expected.

	Instead of being blown into smithereens, Shinden simply blew up in a completely different meaning. The dragon’s scaly and furry gut blimped outwards another several feet, sending a massive wave of fat to ripple around the blubbery dragon. Still whimpering with fear, Shinden carefully opened his bright yellow eye and started gripping around his body, making sure he was still intact. What he didn’t expect to find, however, was how his claws sunk into his love handles even more than before. It was only after Shinden suddenly tasted a fried chicken after taste did he finally piece together what he just ate. “Was that… a Food Bomb?” 

	During his years as a pilot, the thinner Shinden had numerous assignments that involved dropping Food Bombs over underdeveloped colonies in times of economic crisis. It was amazing how scientists could condense an entire feast’s worth of food meant to feed an army inside a capsule smaller than a microwave, which would only expand when met with water. However, with war becoming more and more of a threat as of late, Shinden’s airbase had been quick to stockpile as many Food Bombs as they could manufacture in case of a cataclysmic emergency.

	And what greater emergency was there than a clumsy obese dragon wrecking the neighborhood?

	“X, please! Give me a minute to exp-ulp!” The dragon grunted as yet another food bomb entered his throat, followed swiftly by another minor expansion. It was no use, the fox probably couldn’t understand him either! In X’s eyes, he was little more than a target who needed to be taken down, even if it was through unconventional means. Yelping with renewed fear, Shinden swiveled around as fast as a drake his size could manage and made a dash for it, fumbling around a bit as he struggled to get accustomed to his even larger size. 

	At first, he made good progress with his retreat, even if his bouncing stomach threw him off balance a few times. However, Shinden of all people knew just how skilled of a pilot X was based on their multiple skirmishes together, which spelled disaster for the poor dragon’s waistline. As predicted, it wasn’t long before the skilled pilot found another opportunity to launch a bomb into Shinden’s maw just when he opened it for a gasp of air, the resulting expansion slowing his gait into a lumbering waddle. 

	Everything went downhill for Shinden, as was the theme for the poor ex-pilot at this point. With so much extra baggage to carry around, the obese dragon couldn’t even walk properly without hanging his maw open to pant, allowing X to bombard his gullet with multiple Food Bombs. Every bomb caused the gigantic drake to waddle slower than before, leaving behind larger and larger craters as his steps grow heavier along him. One more bomb in and Shinden’s tail was forced to rest on the ground, the immense appendage now a log of blubber as wide as a street. Soon two more followed, causing the dragon’s thighs to spread out far enough that made even waddling difficult without smooshing his doughy legs together, his vision of the ground starting to vanish as his stomach expanded another couple meters. Another bomb down the hatch and Shinden’s vision was obscured by more than just his gut, his chubby car-sized cheeks pressing against his muzzle. Meanwhile, the portly dragon’s tail appeared to have begun receding into his humongous body as his accordion-like back and house-sized rump started growing around the limb. 

	“Please…X…No more…” Shinden whined between bouts of heavy panting, his brow red with exhaustion. He thought his jog earlier was bad; at least then he wasn’t gaining several tons a minute! It was thanks to his new draconic strength that he was able to stay upright, but he knew his limit had been reached. Every lard-ladened step the blimp-sized drake managed shook the ground, cracking the very Earth beneath his feet. He was immense, a true sphere of fur, scales, and blubber who could topple buildings just by walking too close to them. Many would have been in shock and awe at how such a creature could even move, that is, if they could watch him from afar, away from the destruction he was causing. 

	Shinden knew his situation was bad when he started pushing buildings over with his gut, his body continuing to grow fatter even without additional Food Bombs. It wasn’t much longer until his gut finally thumped onto the ground, a mighty ball of pudge as large as the rest of his body that he used as a bulldozer to clear away debris as he waddled forward. Even with a new way to clear a path before him, however, it wasn’t much longer before Shinden’s massive size started to really affect him.

	One more Food Bomb. That was all it took, and Shinden’s gaping maw made it all too easy for X to not miss. Sending the last remaining device on his ship, the fox pilot watched with satisfaction as the monsterous dragon expanded once more. At first, the initial swell was hardly noticeable on the beast’s enormous body, but X knew it was all he needed as the obese dragon slowly leaned backwards, it’s eyes fluttering shut. What X wasn’t prepared for, however, was the shockwave that devastated the rest of the neighborhood as hundreds of tons of dragon collided with the ground, producing an earthquake felt across the entire world! Once the dust settled, all X could see was an enormous crater with an equally large drake laying inside of it, who looked even taller than before just from laying on his back. 

	Panting heavily, Shinden felt himself start to drift off into a deep sleep, his mountainous gut weighing on him like a warm blanket. The last thing he heard before he passed out was the sound of a jet plane soaring overhead.



	Despite severing countless years in the military, Major Zachary wasn’t much of a morning person. While he had been programmed like every other private to wake up on a schedule, the small shepsky could never quite shake the sleep out of his system like the rest of his peers. However, when news spread to him that the rampaging dragon had been subdued, Zachary immediately bolted from the makeshift bed he made on his desk and ran to the hanger where he found X standing beside his jet, an eager grin spread on his face. Together, the two took a spare jeep over to investigate the pilot’s act of heroism. 

	“How many Food Bombs did you use, Captain X?” The Major asked as he pulled the jeep out from the garage, using a prosthetic leg to reach the petals. 

	“Around 50, sir.” X responded, looking a little sheepish. “After 20 or so Shinden fell over onto his back and passed out. I didn’t want him to wake up and waddle away again, so I made sure to pour the rest of the Food Bombs into his mouth while he was unconscious. I admit I might have, erh, gone a little overboard, sir.” The fox scratched behind his ears awkwardly. 

	“Nonsense, Captain! You’ve done your country a great service!” Zachary grinned confidently, his brushy little tail wagging furiously. “It would have taken hours for the military to show up, and they would have certainly blown the poor bastard up the moment they saw the chance! Besides, I’m sure those bombs won’t have that much of an effect on him. If anything, he’ll just wake up with a belly ache.”

	As they rounded the corner, the Major’s grin soon turned into a frown as he turned on the headlights, glancing at the clock on the radio. “It’s 10 AM, why is still so dark out…side…”

	The answer hit the small dog like a ton of bricks as he gazed up at what Shinden had been reduced, or rather augmented to. Even from several miles away, Zachary felt overwhelmed at the dragon’s sheer size, unable to comprehend how a chubby wolf managed to outgrow an entire neighborhood in a single night. In fact, outgrowing a neighborhood might have been an understatement, according to reports that nearby traffic had to be rescheduled due to the city’s major highways being buried beneath rolls of fluffy lard. Encircling the several mile-long blob were dozens of helicopters carrying large boxes, many of which chose to fly around the dragon’s belly rather than over it for obvious reasons. “What’s inside those boxes, Captain? Who authorized this without my permission?” 

	“I did, sir.” X whimpered, slinking back into his seat a bit. “I ordered them to come by as soon as I could, well, once Shinden finally stopped growing. We figured that since his stomach is in such close proximity to the nearby area, it would be wise if we could prevent it from growling before we evacuated everyone, sir.”

	“Ya mean you’re still feeding him?!” Zachary growled, staring at the fox as they drove towards the looming blob. “My god, man! Don’tcha think he’s eaten enough?”

	“W-well, sir, ever since he turned into a dragon, all the food he’s eaten has turned directly into pure fat. If we were to stop feeding him for a moment, I’m afraid that his stomach would empty within minutes, which would cause another earthquake from the growling alone. We’d give him more Food Bombs, but I’m afraid that would just cause him to grow even faster.”

	“I see…” the small dog grunted and continued driving silently,  his mind racing to figure out a solution to this epidemic. Meanwhile, as they approached the mountain-sized dragon, Zachary began to notice a number of things, including massive crates full of presumably food, several News vans with a swarm of reporters documenting the beast before them, and a large plastic tube full of what looked like cream being pumped into the drake. It was only after they pulled up in front of the million ton blob did Zachary finally notice Shinden’s face, his house-sized head nearly buried between his skyscraper-sized cheeks. 

	“Well well well,” Zachary grumbled as he pushed aside onlookers and workers alike, walking straight to the dragon’s face. “Look at how far you’ve let yourself go. I couldn’t even see the top of you from the airbase, and today’s a pretty clear day too!”

	Even with the sound of rushing cream and helicopters filling the air, Shinden could still hear his commanding officer’s voice crystal clear, a very slight blush appearing on his massive chubby cheeks. He had hoped waking up from his nightmare would make him back to his normal fat wolf self, not swollen to the size of a city! There were no other words Shinden could use to compare his size too, and from the looks of it, he was only going to grow further as seen from the massive pipe latched to his muzzle. Hundreds of gallons of cream were pumped into his gullet every second, filling up the dragon like the world’s largest balloon. Even if he was growing substantially slower than before, he could still feel the edge of his gut toppling a building several miles away. He was an unstoppable wave of lard, widening by the minute, completely immobile without the help of hundreds of powerful vehicles. 

	Like some brave ant climbing an obese elephant, Zachary crawled onto the dragon’s chubby muzzle and sat down, staring at Shinden’s window-sized eye. “Well, you’ve certainly exceeded my expectations of you today, although not in the way either of us expected. Someday, you’ll have to tell me how you managed to transform into a dragon. However, seeing as how you’ll be stuck with that hose on you for quite some time, I have a feeling it won’t be for another few months, so until that time,” Zachary grinned, patting the drake’s stubby muzzle. “I grant you permission to take another extended vacation!”

	Shinden rolled his eyes.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23947181/