It's amazing what you can accomplish with 3 hours of writing and 2 cans of Sprite. Paranoia does wonders to the body.

 hdalby33 and  tychondryus wake up from their food-induced coma to find out they aren't the only survivors on the planet. Not only that, but they quickly learn a few harsh facts about the world they live on.

I tried making the history of the world as clear as possible, but if anyone has any questions, or think there is a plot hole anywhere, please let me know!

Enjoy!



	Blurred ruins and smoky structures were all that outlined Callum’s vision as he attempted to pinpoint his surroundings. The only subjects that came into focus were wondrously wholesome foods that appeared to be stuck fast to his paws, and magnetically inclined toward his maw. Eyes wide in shock, the grey dragon found himself in a strange predicament: force-feeding himself the same kind of cakes that Brent was feeding him earlier against his will. No matter how hard he struggled or squirmed, Callum couldn't control his arms' movements, rendering him helpless to his own limbs. Every time his hand would release another cake into his maw, they would close and open up again, another pastry appearing out of thin air onto his palm, ready to dive right into the dragon's maw.

	Pastry after pastry disappeared down the silver dragon's gullet, his stomach swelling up inch after inch. Had Callum been slightly more awake during his stuffing spree, he would have found it rather incredible how his belly grew at a steady rate, as if a bike pump was inflating it. Without warning, an intensely painful feeling spread across his abdomen as his gut reached the size of a beach ball, with no signs of slowing down. Callum watched as his feet disappeared from view, his tummy increasing to impossible sizes. Whimpering softly, the grey dragon tried resisting yet again, feeling as if he ate an entire R.U.N in once gulp. Once his stomach began resting on his knees, he knew he was about to explode at any mi-

	BANG!!

	"AAAAAAARH!!!" Callum screamed as he shot upright, his heart beating profusely in his chest. Violently shuttering, the startled dragon took deep breaths as he looked around his surroundings. Several meters directly in front of him lay what Callum assumed to be an abandoned fast food restaurant, due to the extremely worn-down drawing of a burger on the side of the grey structure. Beyond that were multiple decrepid skyscrapers covered in green vines. "Oh thank god… it was just a dream," the skinny dragon sighed as he slowly drew to his feet, grateful to see the familiar images, even if he was staring at the definition of the apocalypse. 

	Suddenly, a blue shape quickly emerged from the interior of the burger joint, wielding a broken broomstick threateningly. "What happened?! Are we under attack?! Is there a R.U.N nearby?" Ty asked worriedly, the blue lizard, constantly turning left and right in search for any intruder. Seeing as how they were the only ones around, Ty sighed and dropped the useless stick. "You have one of the most violent awakenings I've ever seen, dude, even with my total amnesia."

	"Heh, sorry about that," Callum chuckled and blushed, feeling his heart rate settle down. Smiling at the sight of his friend, the dragon couldn't help but notice something was… different with Ty. The lizard's ribcage, while still completely visible, was now a little less defined. His bony arms and legs now had a bit of definition to them, and his hollow stomach looked a little less cavernous. Ty was still practically skin and bones, but at least he didn't look like he was on the brink of starvation. Glancing downwards, Callum noticed the same changes were made on his own body as well. Glad to see he was starting to flesh out, albeit only barely, the dragon continued conversing with his blue friend. "So, how long have you been up?" 

	"Not too long," Ty shrugged as he leaned back against the back of the grey building. "I woke up about a half hour ago covered in sweat. I've been paranoid one of those damn robots were nearby so I scoped out the entire area. It's just you and me from what I can tell," the blue reptile said as he crossed his arms, grinning confidently now. 

	"Oh, and you don't even bother counting me? How rude!"

	That look of confidence quickly melted off Ty's face like an ice cube on a frying pan, instead being replaced with one of surprised fear as he looked around wildly for the source of the noise. He didn't have to look hard, however, as the figure rounded the corner of the building Ty was leaning against, revealing his presence. With a half smile, the figure waved a paw at the surprised duo. "Yo."

	While Ty's complexion was one of fearful skepticism, Callum's face resembled the complete opposite, the skinny drake's muzzle opened up with a smile wider than he thought possible. Standing in front of him was a raccoon: living proof that there were other survivors on this desolate world. That massive weight he had in his stomach ever since he discovered they were living in a post-apocalyptic Earth quickly eased up as he laid his eyes on the striped coon, now replaced with a light-hearted feeling he assumed was hope. Given the raccoon's relaxed posture, it was also safe to assume that he was used to being around other furs, giving Callum another reason to believe that there possibly could be a settlement nearby as well!

	Just by looking at the coon's figure, Callum could tell the settlement certainly had more than enough food. Even in the post-apocalyptic world, the raccoon standing before him was decidedly overweight! His spherical white belly wobbled with every step he took, nearly five times as large as the R.U.N's stomach they encountered earlier. His chubby cheeks dimpled with his casual smile. He carried a large, metal cylinder on his broad shoulder that rattled just as much as the raccoon's stomach jiggled. After staring at the silver container long enough, Callum came to the conclusion that it was a trash can. For some odd reason, the idea of a raccoon carrying a trash container was oddly humorous to him, the grey dragon forced to hold a claw to his maw to suppress a snort. 

	With an exasperated sigh, hefty coon dropped the large container onto the ground with a loud thump while he used his free paw to wipe the sweat forming on his brow. "Phew, this thing gets heavier every time I carry it," he chuckled as he leaned his arm onto the trashcan, the lid denting considerably underneath him.

	For a while, nobody spoke, the air growing quiet enough to hear a mouse squeak. Ty continued to stare at the coon with a mixture of shock and distrust while Callum had to suppress himself from joy pent up inside of him. After a moment, the grey dragon realized how awkward the situation was and shook his head, forcing himself to calm down. "Erm, sorry. This is our first time seeing another survivor. We thought we were the only ones left, other than the maniacal robots," Callum explained gleefully, the enthusiastic dragon holding out a claw. "My name's Callum, and my friend's name is Ty."

	"Pleased to meetcha, Callum!" the spherical raccoon responded eagerly as he shook Callum's hand sporadically, almost tearing out the thin arm from its socket. "The name's Thomas! So, from what I take it, you two have already had a run-in with a R.U.N, right?" Thomas asked as he guffawed at his own joke, both of his paws clutching his round potbelly as he laughed, his right hand leaving behind a black mark on his gut. Seeing as how neither Callum nor Ty appeared to find his joke amusing, the tubby coon cleared his throat and tried again in a more serious tone. "So, how did he or she spot you?"

	The skinny reptiles exchanged embarrassed glances at each other, both a little embarrassed to admit that they were literally running to the robot arms flailing. After a moment of awkward throat clearing, Ty eventually spoke up. "Uh, he sorta… surprised us," he admitted bashfully. "We thought he was a real otter from a distance, but it turned out he… wasn't."

	Even with their apologetic looks, Thomas couldn't help but let loose another loud laugh, his stomach bouncing up and down with each breath. "Ahahahahaha! You thought he was real? Did you not see the bolts on his chest, or the weird glowing eyes? What's next, are you gonna mistake a refrigerator for a friend too?" He roared with laughter, clutching his wobbling sides tightly. Ty and Callum exchanged looks yet again as they watched the portly raccoon laugh himself into a frenzy, both reptiles already wondering if they mistook Thomas for a raccoon instead of a hyena, given his unique laughter.

	After a few moments of his uncontrollable convulsion, Thomas suddenly stopped and stood upright, catching Ty and Callum off guard from the sudden movements. "Sorry about that, got a little carried away," he chuckled, wiping a tear from the corner of his eye. "Those R.U.N things can be pretty nasty, the way they latch onto you with a death grip and force feed you until you're ready to pop. In fact, I'm surprised none of you popped, given how skeletal you look." The broad raccoon commented, comparing his mighty gut to the dragon and lizard's nonexistent ones. 

	"You could say that again, my stomach still feels sore," Ty mumbled, rubbing his thin belly. If the robot otter hadn't split the contents inside of him with the two survivors equally, either Ty or Callum would be sporting a mighty hole in their guts. Looking back at Thomas, the blue lizard felt goose bumps prick up along his skin, a deep-rooted sense of fear creeping along him. Ever since they ran into the R.U.N, he had been feeling much more apprehensive about his surroundings, as well as who he met. Sure, he was lucky when he met Callum, given the dragon's strong sense of leadership and charisma, yet trusting the robot led to nothing but a nasty bellyache. Who knows if this fat raccoon standing before him had similar maleficent intentions as well. What if he was so fat because he prayed on smaller lizards like himself!?

	Taking a deep sigh, Ty took a quick moment to think things over. Sure, the raccoon was a little shady, but at least he shared a similar distrust with the R.U.N's, so maybe he could offer some advice. "So, do you know any way to avoid those robots?" the blue lizard asked timidly.

	Thomas quickly turned his head to Ty and flashed a wide toothy grin, as if waiting for that question for a while. "I'm glad you asked! I happen to be an expert on the R.U.N's, self proclaimed of course," he chuckled again before continuing. "From what I've seen, they always shout out 'Greetings!' when they first lay eyes on you. If you hear that phrase, turn tail and get the hell out of wherever you are, because they WILL pursue you, no matter how thin or fat you are! Once you break line of sight with them, stop running and hide behind any obstacles you can find, all without making a noise. Once they lose track of you, they'll start wondering around the area to look for you; that includes lifting objects, opening doors, checking behind walls, et cetera. If you're lucky, they'll start searching around an area away from you. If they do that, slowly sneak out of whatever area you're in and bolt once the coast is clear. They'll spend the rest of the day rooted to the spot and looking for you like a lost dog looking for its owner!" Thomas started chuckling again, his voice slowly trailing off as he realized what he just said. "Jeeze, that joke was in bad tastes, even for me." 

	"It's fine, we understand the concept," Callum responded, his voice sounding a little sadder at that last thought that involuntarily entered his head. "I can't believe someone mass produced a bunch of those robots and let them loose on the world. What were they trying to accomplish?" the silver dragon asked himself.

	"End world hunger, obviously!" Thomas chuckled as he plopped his rear onto his trash can, the metal container crinkling down to half its height underneath the large coon rump. "They were originally made to be sent to impoverished countries where food was hard to come by. They would help gather anything edible and cleanse it inside their bodies before handing it out to anyone hungry. Of course, that was before the Food Wars came around, so they had to be changed to-"

	"Woah woah woah, slow down for a sec," Ty interrupted, holding up a blue paw. "What the heck were the Food Wars? Was there actual battles fought just for food? From the looks of it, food doesn't appear to be in short supply, considering how round you are," the lizard mentioned brashfully, eyeing the raccoon's bulging belly.

	With a smug smirk, Thomas rubbed his white middle. "Oh please, I'm nothing compared to some of the furs you're bound to meet, but I guess I should tell you about the events that lead to this apocalypse and what not. I am a professional historian after all, self proclaimed, of course. I'd sit back and relax if I were you, there's a lot to go over." the potbellied raccoon suggested.

	Waking beside their corpulent companion, Ty and Callum brushed away the ash on the floor with their tails before plopping down right next to Thomas. Just sitting next to the plump raccoon intimidated the blue lizard, who wiggled a few inches away. Callum, however, looked at Thomas almost like a role model, a small part of him wanting to grow outwards enough so he wouldn't appear so frail and weak, perhaps not quite as large as the obese coon, but certainly big enough to carry some heft with him.

	Once the two frail reptiles were seated, Thomas smiled and leaned back against the wall, an ominous crinkling noise resounding beneath his posterior. "I don't know much about the entire history of this planet, unfortunately. Everything I know is from discarded newspaper clippings and a few stories passed down through generations. Still, I've peaced together enough info to learn how everything ended up like this," he said, pointing to the large, decrepit skyscrapers in the distance.

	"In the past, back when all of those buildings weren't falling apart like what you see now, there were people everywhere, not just a few groups of us here and there, hiding in camps like the present. It was a little crowded, given the 9 billion furs living on the planet, but they made do with what they had. They were just normal people living their lives, without the fear or fanatic R.U.N's running around or a massive obesity crisis… at least not yet.

	 "Due to a long string of poor money usage done by many governments around the world, as well as imbalanced pay rates among factory workers, the Earth slowly fell into a deep depression."

	"Wait, how does the Earth get depressed? I didn't know the planet could get sad," Callum wondered out loud, tilting his head to the left curiously like a confused dog. 

	Both Ty and Thomas turned to look at the silver dragon, absolutely dumbfounded by that question. After the awkward moment, the chubby raccoon let out a snort. "Oh man, I've heard some weird stuff in my day, but you, my friend, just single handedly out done them all! Your brain must still be thawing out after awakening in the hospitable, huh?" 

	"I guess…" Callum blushed, hugging his slender tail to his chest defensively. Come to think of it, it'd be pretty illogical if the planet had emotions… Suddenly, the dragon's head shot upright as he remembered Thomas's last comment. How did he know that the two of them just came from a hospitable? Before he could ask, however, the raccoon continued with his story.

	"As I was saying, governments from around the world began taking in more than they gave out, increasing their debts with multiple countries. Soon, the entire planet was in debt by over 6 trillion dollars!"

	"What? That's stupid! How the heck can an entire planet be in debt? Who do we owe that much money to? Mars?" Ty suddenly burst out, unable to comprehend  the information he was just given.

	Taking a deep sigh, Thomas turned to the blue lizard, squinting. "Look, I'm a Master Historian, not an economist. If you wanna know how the Earth was in debt with itself, build a time machine and go back to figure it out, alright? Obviously, it's not in debt anymore, considering money doesn't exist anymore, now may I get back to my story, please?" the raccoon asked in an incredibly annoyed tone.

	Satisfied with watching the lizard quiet up and slump back against the wall, Thomas continued. "As I was saying for a third time now, everyone was losing money. Businesses began failing because of the government's overuse of deficit spending. Despite the massive economic catastrophe, only a single industry survived: the food industry.

	"Fast food companies began cranking out their products as quickly and cheaply as they could, ignoring health regulations and focusing more on feeding more people and, more importantly, making more cash. Due to the constant lowering of prices, furs quickly flocked to any vender that sold the cheaply made products, choosing to eat the tasty processed food instead of the more expensive organic food. This change alone caused the average weight of everyone on the planet to rise a couple pounds, but it didn't stop there.

	"Many hardworking farmers were being outdone by the fast food corporations, their freshly made fruits and vegetables growing obsolete as people flocked to the cheaper alternative. To get back into the competition, they started experimenting with their produce, finding ways to enhance the flavors. They ended up with crops that had twice the flavor, twice the shelf life, and quadruple the calories. They called it PRO-duce, or some stupid name like that. Once those scrumptious fruits and veggies made it on the market, people began flocking back to the 'organic' food, using the money they saved on the cheap fast food to enjoy the rich tastes the farmers managed to concoct.

	"And so, the Food Wars I mentioned earlier began. It was a race to see who could make the most money: cheap food vs. tasty food. As the years went on, the fast food corporation developed new technologies to get their goodies made cheaper and quicker, while the ranchers used genetics to continue boosting their produce's flavors, as well as calories. During their mad scramble for money, however, their efforts changed the world in two different ways.

	"With such delicious food being made, furs began spending the money they had been hoarding all this time, letting their cash circulate around from person to person. With everyone finally giving up on their hoard of dough, money began circulating around the world again. Jobs began opening up all over the globe, due to unused land being converted to either fast food factories or extra farming land. It's funny how two industries' war with each other helped fix the world wide economy, isn't it?" Thomas chuckled.

	Enthralled with the brief history lesson, Callum leaned forward eagerly as he listened to the hefty coon, swishing his tail behind him idly. "Wow, that's so cool! The world seems like such an interesting place! I just wish I remembered any of it," he grinned cheekily, before leaning forward another inch. "But if everything was better again, how did all of this happen?" he asked, gesturing to the decaying buildings all around him.

	"You haven't heard about the second change that the Food Wars brought to the world yet, dummy!" Thomas teased before sitting upright, another noisey crinkle resounding from the smooshed trashcan he sat on. "Not surprisingly, with everyone so obsessed with the constantly-growing amount of food in the world, the furs began to pack on a lot of weight. Whether you chose the greasy, fatty meats at a restaurant, or the sugary sweet produce from a local farmer, you were pretty much bound to put on some pudge the moment the deliciously-addicting food passed through your lips. And with both companies focused mainly on producing tastier food rather than healthier, there was little hope you were going to lose any of it

	"Each generation that passed ended up fatter than the previous generation. The national obesity rates in every country around the globe continuously rose, shattering previous records every year. What would be considered fat one year would end up looking downright skinny in the years to come. Heck, I bet even I would look like a twig compared to how big the average fur grew," Thomas chuckled, slapping the side of his rippling belly.

	"Eventually, the high level of fat furs started becoming a problem, forcing the government to intervene. Chairs were reinforced, doors were widened, and promotional ads for workout equipment were introduced. Even with commercials for treadmills and dumbbells were shown on every television screen at least once an hour, the rising obesity rate didn't slow down one bit; in fact, it rose faster than ever! My guess would be it's because the furs got hungrier from watching the people in the T.V constantly running and jumping around, ya know?"

	"No, I don't know. What's a 'Teevee'?" Callum asked curiously.

	Instead of answering that question, Thomas chose to continue with his story. "The government officials knew it would be pointless to force the two large industries to shut down without causing another total economic collapse. Besides, from what I've been told, the farmers lost the genetics for the original fruits and veggies, leaving only the calorie-rich Pro-duce instead."

	Before he could proceed with his tale, Thomas paused briefly as he watched Callum's arm shot up, waving it around like a schoolboy. "Yes? What is it?" the tubby raccoon asked while twitching his tail, wanting to finish his story.

	"Where do the R.U.N's come in?" the silver dragon asked innocently, tilting his head to the left yet again.

	"I was getting to that, hold your tail," Thomas grumbled in return. Despite his annoyance, the coon couldn't help but smile amusedly as he watched Callum obey his command, the frail dragon clinging to his tail.

	"During the Food Wars, an independent company called M.O.A.B suddenly sprung up with promises to end world hunger. They designed a ton of robots to look just like furs, built to emulate a normal person's actions and movements. As I've explained before, they were meant to search for anything edible in poverty-stricken colonies and cleanse it of any pesticides in their bodies before offering it to anyone hungry. Of course, due to the ever-increasing supply of food, the R.U.N's were reprogrammed for a different use. 

	"Because of their growing greed, the people at M.O.A.B sold their redesigned robots to consumers instead to be used as personal feeders. Those lazy fat-asses could sit on the couch all day while they ordered their robots to fetch the leftover pizza from the fridge. The obesity rate skyrocketed after that, with most furs growing as wide as they are tall!"

	"What a bunch of greedy bastards!" Ty scowled, bearing his teeth. "They knew their robots were contributing to the problem, and yet kept making them anyway just for money! I hope every single employee gets force fed by a R.U.N!"

	"Easy, easy!" Thomas exclaimed, holding out his chubby paws. "Don't get your knickers in a bunch, we haven't gotten to the best part of the story!" Once the blue lizard settled down, the raccoon smiled and continued. 

	"Of course, they eventually come up with a solution to this obesity epidemic, considering how everyone's methods of losing weight failed. They started over, of course! Instead of actually putting any real effort into losing weight, the world's leaders decided to pool all of their money together to build a series of intergalactic starships to carry everyone to a new planet, where they can start all over and build a new society, one without a bunch of spherical blobs of fur and scales."

	"What? That's stupid! How the heck did they expect that to work?" Ty bursted out yet again, clenching his fists threateningly.  

	"Hey, I'm not the scientist here, I'm just a master historian," Thomas answered submissively, leaning away from the scary blue lizard. "What matters is, they built a bunch of rockets before everyone got too fat to walk and began charging outrageous fees to ferry the fatties to different planets… which leaves behind us.

	"Because of the ridiculous prices the governments charged, the poor folk like ourselves were left behind. We watched as the world's engineers, farmers, scholars, and every other important profession abandon this obese planet, leaving behind a bunch of jobless fools with no proper training on how to run the world. Everything quickly fell apart as societies broke down, buildings fell into disrepair from the lack of any constructionists on Earth. With so few people left on the planet, everyone sort of just did their own thing. It's been that way for years with us, foraging for food while avoiding the solar-powered R.U.N's. Since none of us were smart enough to figure out how to deactivate or reprogram the robots, we've lived in fear of them, avoiding the fattening androids instead of fixing them."

	With a heaving sigh, Thomas slowly looked up into the night sky, staring at the countless stars shining above. "When I was a boy, I liked to look up at the stars, hoping for the day that they will come back to take us away from this dying world."

	Neither Ty nor Callum knew what to say as they watched their tubby friend stare longingly towards the sky. Both reptiles knew that the history of this world wasn't a pretty one, but even that last statement through them off guard. Taking the raccoon's pudgy paw, Callum held his friend's hand closely. "I'm so sorry, Thomas. I really wish we could help."

	Smiling lightly, the coon chuckled and patted the dragon's head. "Hey, don't worry about it, kiddo. I've come to accept living here. While everything certainly is ugly, at least the food is delicious!"

	Callum smirked right back and licked his lips, his thin stomach gurgling noisily. "All that talk about the yummy food earlier got me really hungry. I can't wait to try some of it!" he wagged eagerly, before suddenly gasping as a thought entered his head. "Oh that's right! I totally forgot to ask! How did you know that Ty and I came from the hospital?"

	"Heh, I forgot to address that, huh?" Thomas smirked, "Well, these past few years, skinny guys like you started popping up all over the place with no memory of who they were. The weirdest part was they claimed to have come from this hospital, which should be impossible! We've checked that building multiple times before, and never did we find a single source of life there, yet here you guys are. Strange, huh?"

	"Yeah, I'd say." Ty agreed, stroking his narrow chin. Feeling his rear start to grow sore from sitting on the hard ground for so long, the lanky lizard slowly propped himself up to his feet before holding his claw out to Thomas for a handshake. "It was very nice to meet you, Thomas. Thank you very much for telling us the history of this world."

	Thomas, mistaking Ty's outstretched hand as an invitation to stand up, grabbed the claw and used it to lever himself up, almost throwing the unsuspecting lizard to the ground. "It's my pleasure! It's not every day you find two skinny scalies walking around in a world full of fatasses like myself," he grinned. Once standing upright, the hefty coon turned around and bent over to pick up his trashcan, surprised at how much smaller it had shrunk due to his massive rump compressing it. "Oh wow, why didn’t I think of this before?" He asked to no one in particular as he lifted up the squished container, grinning. "It's gonna be much easier carrying this thing now that it's smaller! I should sit on all my stuff before carrying it!"

	Ty squinted his eyes and stared at the optimistic fatso, not sure if he was being serious or not. Meanwhile, Callum was giggling at his friend's antics, finding it incredibly humorous how the lid of the trashcan had a huge dent in it in the shape of a round butt. Glad to finally see someone laugh at his jokes, Thomas turned around and pointing off into the distance, towards the massive buildings. "Just because I like you guys, I'll do ya one more service. My little colony I grew up in lies right beyond those skyscrapers. Make sure you walk around the buildings though. Lately, debris have been falling off the tops of the towers, and I don't want to hear about two little reptiles such as yourself getting flattened by a falling slab of concrete."

	"Oh jeeze," Ty recoiled in shock, imagining himself flattened into the proportions of a piece of paper. Instead of showing any concern, however, Callum just grinned and began walking down the dirt-covered street, turning back to wave at the obese raccoon. "Thanks for everything, Thomas! We really appreciate it! I hope I'll see you soon!" the eager dragon called out before heading in a direction away from the towering buildings, with Ty quickly running after him.

	"No problem!" Thomas called back, smiling as he watched the odd pair walk off into the distance. Even with his extra heft, the raccoon didn't like to consider himself greedy. However, he was always on the hunt for new friends, knowing that there were furs out there who desperately needed someone to be there for them. Even if it was just two people today, Thomas felt like he had just past a milestone on his way to his ultimate goal: to help as many furs as possible.

	Suddenly, the tubby coon's eyes widened considerably as he remembered a vital piece of information he forgot to share with his new allies. Turning to the distant reptiles, Thomas shouted at the top of his lungs. "One more thing! Whatever you do, stay away from Metal Gut!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/17678069/