It was supposed to be a joke. 

"Over 1000 LBS. All you can eat event!" the banner read, the wet paint glistening against the white paper. Perhaps it was in bad taste, given that the majority of the people who came to their little buffet were certainly on the heavier side, but neither Damien nor his brother Chester cared very much. They were getting fired regardless, may as well go out laughing at all the red-faced fatties offended at such a juvenile joke. 

Imagine their surprise when someone who met the requirement actually showed up. 

It started off as a series of small tremors, followed by the sight of a rolling mass of grey and black coming in from the horizon. Said mass of grey and black grunted and squirmed as he squeezed his fluffy rolls through those double wide doors, sweat trickling down his forehead from the exertion alone. Once he had finally flowed in (yes, flowed, like a liquid. The damn mountain of blubber was like an amoeba, constantly changing shape), the vaguely dragonwolf-shaped creature allowed himself a moment to regain his breath before marching forward once again. He moved at a glacier's pace, his gigantic stomach and sagging rear sliding along the ground like an iceberg; maybe he was the one who sank the Titanic? 

Damian and Chester were speechless, the former's jaw dropping to the counter while the latter backed away from the approaching landwhale. Why wouldn't he? The thin wolf was horrified of the enormous hybrid, even if that enormous hybrid was wheezing and panting just from waddling ten measly feet. He looooomed over them, easily 8 feet tall and a little under twice as wide. For a moment, the two brothers just silently basked in the hybrid's vastness, giving him enough time to recover his breath before speaking. "Hurrf...is the...event still going on?" 

They wasted no time. Damian rushed to the kitchens to prepare, leaving Chester to hesitantly lead the quivering shapeless blob to the nearest table. The darker wolf kicked aside the chairs and let the hybrid plop his titanic rear directly on the floor. Why even bother with chairs anyways when he could easily shatter one with just half of an ass cheek? He certainly didn't seem to mind, even as his spherical middle eclipsed half of the table. He looked grateful just to finally give those overburdened legs of his a rest. 

With the sweaty hybrid finally seated, the workers were free to work, rushing back and forth with plates of mac n' cheese, steaks, cornbread, chicken wings, and anything else they could fry up. Their food certainly didn't live up to typical health code laws, but the hybrid didn't mind; he was just glad he found a place to serve someone like him a free meal! However, it came at a steep cost, as the mountainous blob soon discovered he couldn't exactly reach the food before him after his 10th or 11th helping. 

Well, his stomach served as a decent enough table, he supposed. He just hoped the wolves could reach that high. 



Amazing commission from  terishaeilian <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33115675/