At last, phase 2 of my brand new event is complete! Below me are eight deliciously-fattening two page stories written by eight incredibly talented writers. Each of the writers had to type their scenes using ideas they gave me. Using a random number generator, I redistributed the ideas back to the writers, making sure none of them got their own idea, and set them loose.

Of course, where would the fun be without a little healthy competition. Readers, please comment below on what story you feel deserves to win this tournament. The writer and the idea-maker of the winning story will get a story from yours truly :3

The writers are:  chronologicalcancer  Whiskiwolf  AzureLief  Sasuke  PsychicImmortality  Dragontzin  FeatheredFatty  Orion89 


The Right Size
Story by Chronologicalcancer, idea by Dragontzin

It had been hours of searching up and down the aisles for clothes that would fit his slim build, and yet they were all loose and saggy; folds of fabric hanging limp making him look even skinnier than he already was. It infuriated him to see all those fatty-sized clothes waiting to be bought, yet none that suited his body-type. If there only was a way he could fill in those clothes...
He walked out of the clothes’ store in a huff, storming straight towards the burger joint, slamming a wad of cash down on the table, and just grunting “Everything” to the guy at the checkout. He just couldn’t understand. Weeks upon weeks of downright hedonistic eating, and not an inch of extra girth; not even one busted shirt button! He sighed a little, taking all the trays he could and striding back towards a table, ignoring the concerned and worried looks some of the people there gave him.
But one look he received was less disgusted and shocked, in fact it was quite the opposite! A rather beefy looking dragon sat out in the corner of the fast food restaurant ran his forked tongue over his lips, his tribal markings shifting towards a slightly redder colour than they were previously. He grinned, his sharp teeth surfacing from his jaw line, and his tail thrashing a little. Putting an arm around his mouth, he appeared to mutter something very quietly to himself, and unbeknownst to the hedonist he was watching, the food started glowing a light blue.
He picked up a burger, a sad pout emblazoned on his face. He shoved the glowing burger into his maw with trained slobbery and glut, the thing easily going down in a matter of 2 mouthfuls and plopping down into that seemingly bottomless gut he carried. He kept going, shoving burgers and fries and chicken and whatever else was on his plate down his throat; though as always, he never felt himself get any fuller. In fact, quite the opposite; the more he ate, the more he psychologically told himself he needed, and therefore the hungrier he got! The hungry hyena chomped and chewed and gulped down his immense meal within a matter of 10 minutes, leaving everyone dining at the bar looking on in shock, horror, and even a little awe. His gut bulged and protruded a little, as it always did after these sessions, though he knew it’d go down later on. Right now, it looked a little like he’d swallowed a football, and he rubbed over his taut skin, letting out a deep belch. The chair below him creaked and squeaked, people staring at him, though he didn’t care in the slightest.
In his total bliss, he didn’t even notice himself becoming pudgier and pudgier. His digestion became more and more rapid, all of that food turning directly into lard in his body, and filling him out nicely. The too-skinny clothes he was wearing strained to contain all of his bulk, his pants’ legs splitting and his shirt riding up that growing beach ball of a gut, splitting at the arms and choking him at the neck. He grumbled, feeling himself get heavier, though he managed to convince himself that it was just a fantasy of his. He was sure that if he opened his eyes, he’d just find himself the same size as he was 2 minutes ago. The peoples’ shocked gasps and hurried storming away from him were all just figments of his imagination, the giant hand that jostled his belly was just his mind, the bright blue light he could see through his eyelids was just temptation… 
He groaned softly, his cock hardening under all those layers of bulk as he swelled and swelled like a blimp, those hands that laid on him felt like they were pumping lard right through his skin into him! He rocketed up pounds and pounds at a time, his clothes violently surrendering, bar his overly tight y fronts. Folds of lard spilled out in all directions, his gut overtook his front, and his ass the back, overfilling the poor, strained chair he was in. He kept his eyes shut, his paw instinctively reaching down below his gut and looking around for that dick; when he couldn’t reach it this just turned him on all-the-more! He rocketed up in weight, 600, 650, 700 pounds. Milestones he’d set for himself years ago seemed trivial to him now, as his stomach wobbled on his hips, the hyena cackling madly with power and arousal, surging through him.
800 pounds, 900 pounds, his weight gain accelerated, and the table snapped in half over the carrying of his immense front, the chair bending like a branch under his quadruple-wide ass. Laboured breaths churned from his lungs, his tongue lolled out and drool leaked down his neck as he groaned, his undies beginning to tear now.
1500 pounds. The wheezing lump of hyena finally stopped his growth. The formless blob groaned as he felt himself come to rest, or at least as to rest as someone resembling more Jell-o than furson could ever be. He grumbled softly, his paws exploring as much of his bulk as he could reach. His eyes wanted to open, to see everything, to know this was all real, but he wanted to keep them clamped shut because he knew the moment he opened them he’d be right back where he started; in reality. He was now big enough to break out of the clothes he wished to fit into at the start of all this, and bigger, too fat to even walk at this point as those big, meaty hands of a dragon roam through his seemingly endlessly glowing lard.
He took in a deep breath, his cock throbbing somewhere under all that lard, seemingly lost forever now. He decided it was time to put this fantasy to rest. His eyes drew open, and he looked down. His heart leapt for a moment, but then sank right back down to his stomach. He was still as skinny as ever, and now he was sat in the middle of a burger joint with a throbbing erection, too. He grunted, covering his shame in embarrassment, and turning deep red.
That was, at least, until his stuffed belly began glowing a brilliant light blue…


Fat Ass(assin)
By WhiskiWolf, idea by Thegamingsniper132

Moonlight shimmered down through the ice-covered branches of the dense forest, illuminating the midnight work of a hooded figure. The being was shrouded in a dark black cloak, with his hood drawn up over his lowered head. The only part of his body which was exposed was a large bushy tail, with alternating charcoal and black stripes, that swayed back and forth each time he plunged his shovel into the cold earth. 
The moon slowly crossed the sky as the hole he was digging grew larger, hot breath becoming fog the moment it touched the cold air outside of his hood. The work was long and hard, but eventually the hole was deep enough that one standing in it could not pull himself out and wide enough that several people could be standing side by side in its depth. The figure tossed his hood back and wiped sweat from his grey and black furred forehead with a gloved paw, despite how cold the night was. 
The raccoon took his shovel and made several notches in the side of the hole, giving him a place to put his paws as he climbed his way out of his makeshift trap. A stiff wind blew through his soft and fluffy face fur as he reached the edge of the hole and pulled himself out. He looked up at the moon and could tell by its position that he was behind schedule. His mark would be coming this way within the hour and he needed to finish preparations on his trap. 
The raccoon did not feel guilt as retrieved his bag which he had stashed in a nearby bush before he had begun digging. He was part of the only non-lethal “assassin’s” guild in the land and had no intention of killing his mark. Instead, he produced a small glass vial from his sack and returned to the hole, which stood in the middle of a rarely traveled road. He did not care who his mark was or why they were traveling across the kingdom on such deserted road in the middle of the night. The marks he was given often were often trying to travel inconspicuously, but his guild always provided the information and the tools he needed to fulfill his contracts. 
The pulled the stopper out of the vial which had been given to him for this night’s “hit”. Instantly, the thick gel like substance began to expand and almost looked alive as a tendril of the pinkish goo reached for the raccoon’s paw. However, the assassin was quick and flipped the vial over, causing the substance to fall from the container into the pit that he had dug. There, it continued to expand until it formed a pool almost four feet deep and nearly six feet across. 
The substance was the best fattening potion that money could buy in this land. His guild would set up traps like this one, fatten the target to immobile, and then ship them off his one of the guild’s secret warehouses; where they would live comfortably, but remain immobile for the rest of their lives. Many people who hired the guild wanted to get rid of another fur, but didn’t want blood on their paws. The guild offered those people away to rid themselves of political enemies, rival business owners, or any other individuals that was troublesome to them. 
The raccoon tossed the empty vial into the woods and quickly gathered some freshly fallen tree branches to cover the hole. He layered them perfectly, so that any traveler strolling down the road would simply believe that they were about to step on freshly fallen leaves. With the trap finally finished, the raccoon retreated to a bush and hid among the branches, his dark fur making him nearly impossible to see in the pale moonlight. 
The moon continued its march across the sky as more time passed, yet the raccoon remained vigilant. After what felt like an hour, he was beginning to doubt that his mark was traveling this way. Just as he was about to call it a night and return to his guild to report that the mark had not gone the way they were expecting, he heard someone stumbling down the path. His ears twitched, picking up the distance, but approaching sound. The mark seemed to be singing poorly as he came down the road, his steps uneven. 
That’s odd… the raccoon thought to himself. It almost sounded like the mark was drunk. This is going to be the easiest hit I’ve ever made.
The sound grew louder as the target drew nearer. The raccoon recognized the song, since it was a favorite of the some of the nearby villages and his work brought him to this area often. Finally, the target turned a bend in the road and began approaching the trap that laid in wait for him. The moon had begun to set and there was no longer enough light to see clearly in the dim forest. 
The traveler was mere feet from the trap when the raccoon could finally make out the creature’s form clearly. He panicked as the features of a bear came into view. His mind was flooded with the memory of the note he had received days before which had said his target was a dragon trying to covertly make his way through the area. This was just some villager from the area having a late night drunken stroll; and he would ruin his trap if the raccoon didn’t do something. 
The raccoon leapt from his hiding place, shouting, “Stop! Stop right there!” He ran towards the bear, which stood on the other side of the trap. The tubby bear let out a yelp and dropped his bottle of ale. He waddle ran as fast as thick legs would carry him, clearly think that he was under attack by bandits or something. The raccoon tried to slow his run, but the ground was covered in frost and his feet slipped out from underneath, sending him tumbled forward towards his own trap. 
He landed in the mass of pink goo, which luckily broke his fall, but quickly started to twist itself around him. He struggled to escape its grasp as he desperately tried to pull himself out of the sweet smelling gel. But tendrils of the animate potion had already wrapped themselves around the assassin’s arms and legs, pulling his down towards the center of the mass. The potion pulled him down so that only his head was above the goo, thick tentacles of the stuff rising out of the pool and moving towards his muzzle.
The raccoon kept his mouth closed as tightly as he could, but the goo found any little crack it could and shoved their way in, prying his maw open wide for more of the sweet gunk to get in to him. It tasted incredible and the raccoon almost lost the will to fight against it, but he knew what would happen if he did. He struggled as hard as he could, sweat dampening his fur with the effort as more of the mass pushed itself into his unwilling stomach. But the struggling only made the goo hold him tighter and stuff him more quickly. 
While he desperately tried to pull away, his cloak grew tight around his midsection, a small belly forming where his flat stomach had once been. The raccoon whined, growing more and more tired as the goo crammed itself into him at a steady rate, his perfect rouge’s figure becoming more flabby. 
His belly continued to grow, becoming a substantial gut as love handles formed at his sides. The seams of his cloak were put under great stain as the raccoon within them grew. But the goo never slowed down, stuffing him at a steady and constant rate. His arms became less defined as bulk piled onto them, the sleeves of his cloak ripping away to reveal his soft limbs. His thighs bloated out, ripping his pants at the seams, letting his now flabby ass wobble freely. 
The raccoon groaned in discomfort at his overstuffed belly, but only about a foot of the liquid was gone. It continued to fill him with as much vigor and force as it had before, causing his gut to become softer and doughier. The midsection of his cloak tore away, leaving the raccoon completely naked, his belly just big enough to cover his private bits. He still struggled occasionally, so the goo held him in a sitting position against the bottom of the hole as it grew shallower. 
His stomach ached as his belly and butt grew outwards, his limbs becoming thicker and harder to move with each passing moment. Nearly half of the stuff was gone now, the raccoon being an obese 500 pounds as his belly passed his, knees. Three chins jiggled as he swallowed the mind numbingly tasty goo. He finally gave up, simply letting his muscle relax and the gel fill him. Sweat poured off of his bulky form, a strong musky stench wafting out from every fold on his body. 
His body wobbled with every moment, but the goo still held him firm as the stream continued into him. His mind was clouded in discomfort as his gut groaned and grumbled. Finally the poor raccoon couldn’t handle it anymore, passing out as the potion continued to do its work.

Sunlight streamed down from the sky and into the hole in the ground that housed the huge raccoon. His eye lids twitched as he slowly woke up from a deep sleep. He moved to get up as he normally would, but found he couldn’t. He looked down in shock, the events of late night flooding back into his mind. He panicked again, trying to get to his feet, but only succeed in making his body wobble a bit. He struggled to lift his arms, but found they were too heavy; even moving his fingers and toes proved difficult. His whole body was damp with sweat and he could smell his own stink with every breath. His body was huge, his ass keeping him a good three or four feet off the ground, his huge gut covering most of his thighs, and a pair of mountainous moobs resting atop the dome saggy dome of his belly. 
His many chins jiggled as he called out for help, and to his surprise he heard a respond. “Quit your belly aching”, a voice called from above. 
The raccoon looked up to see a tiger with strong muscular arms and soft flabby gut wearing a workman’s vest and trousers. He smiled and waved a paw in front of his nose. “Damn, you reek worse than most. It’s a side effect of the potion, but it affects some more than others” he said with a wide grin.
The raccoon let out a sigh of relief, since he recognized the feline’s face. He was part of the cleanup crew that collected the marks once they had been fattened and got them to the warehouses. “That the gods you’re here” the raccoon said, slurring heavily from all the flab around his muzzle. “You guys must have an antidote for this potion, right?”
The gruff worker laughed, “That’s the strongest weight gain potion ever made. You can’t counter that. No, my team and I are here to ship you off to one of the warehouses. The guild’s been nice enough to give you the treatment we normally give targets, despite you mucking this job up so terribly.” 
The tiger’s team got to work setting ropes and pulleys to lift the blob of a raccoon out of the hole. The feline leaned over the hole and huffed the thick stench that was coming off of the former assassin and grinned. “I will say, you look way better than you did before, ‘assassin’. Smell a hell of a lot better too” he said with a wink. 
The raccoon just whimpered, choking on his own stench as he still vainly struggled to move, his perfect assassin’s body completely ruined. 
The tiger smirks at the pointless attempts; it being pretty clear why he chose this job. “Think we’re going to have a lot of fun looking after you with the other reeking fatasses. Welcome to immobility, ‘assassin’”.

Answering an Ad
Story by Azurelief, idea by Chronologicalcancer

One day, a skunk named Rico entered the local hospital after answering an ad in the local paper. The ad stated that the hospital was looking for participants to try a new muscle growth drug the promised to turn the thinnest of fur’s into a rippling sea of muscles. This was something Rico was looking for. Lady fur’s, if they weren’t turned off by the stench most commonly associated with his species, turned their noses away from his stained white tank top and shorts or his big beer belly, obviously favoring the hulking, muscle-bound fur’s. The one problem was that he was lazy. The skunk enjoyed chugging down beers and sitting on the couch to watch TV and wasn’t exactly a fan of getting up and “working out”, most certainly not to the extent of body builders. And no matter how much washing he did, the stench never really completely lifted. So upon entering the examination room deep in the hospital on the day of his appointment, the skunk sat on the examination table, white-striped tail hanging over the other side, and waited for the doctor who would make him into a striking specimen for all ladies to look at and love, without much effort or exercise. For some reason though the table felt worn…almost flattened even…ah well, maybe the buffed fur’s before him flattened it with their new bulk.

	After a few minutes, a white fox in doctor’s garb with “Arty” on the nametag walked into the room. “So, you’re the next candidate?” He said not taking his eyes off the skunk’s belly, just begging to push up the tank top he wore... Rico was oblivious to this as he just nodded. “Well then,” The fox brought an IV solution toward the table. “Let’s get started. This solution should quickly absorb into your system so you should only be here a few minutes.” He got the needle ready and Rico eagerly gave his arm to the fox. Arty inserted the needle into the skunk’s arm and almost immediately, the solution started going into his system.

	Rico eagerly eagerly for the effects to start. He finally felt like his arms were growing slightly…but they didn’t feel buff. He looked down, and to his horror, his now beach ball sized white belly had pushed up his tank top, popped the button off his shorts and was still swelling out in front of him. He poked his cheek only to find it was rapidly growing with pudge. And on top of that, instead of developing pecs, he was developing moobs! “W-what the-?!” He growled looking at Arty who just laughed.

“Aw, you’re tired?” Arty mused, “Why don’t you lie back?” He gave Rico’s chest a slight push and the skunk fell back on the table, belly and arms jiggling with the impact. What’s more, he seemed to just be fattening up faster as time went on and more of the drug entered his system. His clothes finally ripped off from the strain of Rico’s growing form. Inch upon inch of flab was being added to the skunk. Soon enough, any exposed part of the table was covered with the skunk’s body and it was overflowing the sides. Arty was absolutely enthralled as he watched. The drug seemed to be working even better on Rico then he’d hoped! The table creaked as the skunk continued to balloon up, taking up most of the small room. After what seemed like hours, it seemed to have stopped, leaving a heavy, vile smelling blob of black and white fur in its wake.

Arty gleefully climbed atop the skunk’s doughy belly, clutching some of the blubbery flesh between his fingers. He sniffed wrinkling his nose at the stench. “You know blubber butt, I might even be able to over look your stench with how reactive you are…” He smiled at Rico’s scowling expression. “Oh wipe that look off your face. You were already lazy, now you don’t have to worry about moving.” Rico blinked as his expression softened. He did have a point. It didn’t take a genius to figure out the movement was pretty much out of his power. What’s more, the fox seemed to only want to make him bigger. “There now.”  Arty slid off gleefully and set about rolling the immobile skunk through a false wall. “Welcome to immobility, lardo~”

Otter Short
Story by Sasuke, idea by Whiskiwolf
Heavy lids slowly lifted from Frank’s eyes, the bright light of what looked to be morning making him shut them again and try to recoil. He didn’t muster much movement, and had he been more awake that might have set off alarm bells in his head. Indeed, he felt far heavier than he ever had before in his life as well, but that was for another time as he tried to open his eyes again, only to find the morning light still far too much for them. The otter sighed and groaned at that, trying to move himself under the blankets more, but to no avail. Trying to lift his stubby arms was met by the strain of underused muscle, and yet no movement. His short legs were an even further exaggeration of this, and that began to fire off the warning signs for his mind. The otter shut his eyes tighter and tried to move some more, getting a sluggish wobble from his arms in response to that. He took in a deep breath through his nose… And…
Something stunk like an unwashed skunk.
Musk, sweat, stale food, unwashed laundry, and other scents which the otter couldn’t place but knew were raunchy in their own right came flooding into his nostrils. He was sure that something was amiss by that point, but had yet to see any of it as his eyes were still adjusting to the light. He tried to open them again, getting them open to slits and leaving them there at that point, as he did his best to breathe through his mouth so as to not inhale the stench filled the air. His slits of eyes saw nothing but stained and matted fur, two mounds of it which blocked the bottom two-thirds of his vision with their sagging mass. The top bit was all light, and nothing else; it was practically blinding but Frank was beginning to truly adjust to it. He tried to move again, and then to turn his head to see just what was holding him in place. He couldn’t move that either, and that was when the panic began to set in. Inhaling deeply, the otter went to shout for help… And…
Nothing came out.
A gurgling belch was all that left his mouth, followed by another the second time he went to speak. The third time Frank got something that sounded like a cry for help, but he could swear that the voice wasn’t his. It was far too deep, too thick, and just too guttural for it to have been his. The belches before couldn’t have been either… They were slovenly and just lewd; something that Frank would never consider doing. They had come from him though, so the only thing that the otter could think of was that he was somehow trapped, and had been drugged. The drugs would explain why everything felt so heavy, and why he couldn’t move. They would also explain the headache and sensitivity to light, the latter of which was waning with every passing moment. His eyes were opening more and more as the sun was becoming less of a burden on his sight, but he still couldn’t see much else aside from the two imposing mounds of brown, sticky fur and the sun itself. There was little else for him to see, and as he tried to move oncemore, Frank had to suspect there wasn’t going to be.
“Oh, we forgot to dose you, didn’t we?” Came a voice. Frank had no idea where it was coming from, but somehow he felt that he knew it. He had heard it in a dream, or somewhere else before hand, but he simply couldn’t place it try as he might. He tried to move again, getting nothing but the faintest of jiggles from his legs, and that was when he felt toes somewhere on his body. They touched what he had to assume was his stomach, but they felt so incredibly far away… The drugs were still in effect? Then why would the voice have sa- “I can’t imagine how you feel off those drugs; you haven’t been sober in months. Want to see your progress?”
“Pr..o…”Frank tried to talk, to ask what was going on, to say or do something that would get him an answer or to even explain just what was going on. Instead he was greeted with a slovenly blob that he could only see the top of. Moobs that looked to be the size of small anthros in their own right were the main attraction, but the arms were just as large. Useless sacs of adipose as they were, they looked to be moving to Frank, though upon a closer inspection that was just the fat rippling from simply being so darn fat. His cheeks, chins, and the remnants of a neck had all bunched together beneath what Frank had to assume was its head, pressing down and out around a face that was so smothered in fat that it looked to be little more than a collection of folds and creases in a belly. The snout was nearly gone, and two beady eyes were barely visible; even the ears were almost covered by an infringing roll of lard from the back of the blob’s head. Just to see it really made Frank almost want to be sick in some rights, but in others... Rolls of fat, all caked in sweat and food which looked to have been there for ages, settled in a misshapen mass of flesh and fur somehow made Frank curious as to just what it was. The fur color matched, and when he tried to move his arms the blob did the same, but it had to be an illusion. There was no way he could be that fat; he was an exercise nut! A neat freak! Not what was staring back at him, wheezing for breath and smelling like a garbage dump as a hose was lowered towards it. Every iota of him wanted that to not be him, but as a new smell entered the fray and the hose got closer… Frank began to doubt himself, and trust in the mirror’s expansive truth.
The owner of the voice crawled into view, getting a few grunts and pants from Frank as he felt the not-so-slim anthro crawling over what he had to assume was his surface. The fact that the otter could feel that, from the stepping on his stubby, yet oh-so-round tail, to the pressure on a shelf of a rear which could only have fit in a dump truck at that point, to the feeling of paws pressing on cheeks the size of basketballs, all with copious amounts of fondling and squeezing in between each and every bit of it… There was no denying that the one in the mirror was him. The hose was just as real too, as Frank felt himself almost involuntarily latch onto it. His mind was beginning to numb again, slowly sinking back into what the otter could only assume was his drugged state. The voice calmed him though, telling him just how good he looked with soothing whispers as it strapped on his feeding hose, and assuring him that he was going to look even better after his meal between pecking kisses to his unbathed flab. Frank tried to cling to his consciousness though, begging his mind to not succumb; he needed answers. The drugs were taking effect again though, and his rational mind was giving up on fleeting thoughts in broad swaths; it wouldn’t be long before Frank forgot who he was again. The voice was so calming about that though, promising happiness and comfort to him while providing attention which comforted the otter to the very core. The light whir of the hose, the affectionate caress to his face-smothering cheek, the taste of pure chocolate in his mouth… Even before his mind was utterly ravaged by drugs, the otter would have found this moderately pleasant. High as a kite though, and he thought he was somewhere in heaven.
There he would stay too, if the voice had anything to do with that.
“Charlie, I’d say Frank is all set to go again. Let’s go check on Luke.”

Meanwhile...

Luke blinked a few times, belched, and then tried to raise his arms…

From Battle Scars to Stretch Marks
Story by PsychicImmortality, idea by Featheredfatty
"The next batch is on the way!" a feminine voice preceded the elegant form of a pristine white swan, approaching what appeared to be a mound of silvery blubber, "Cinnamon caramel rolls with cream filling. How's that sound, Stephon?"

The blubbery blob let out a purr of excitement. On closer inspection, the mountain of silver flesh could be made out as the form of a dragon, albeit one that had been bloated to almost comically exaggerated proportions. What had once been a long, sinuous neck was now buried under untold layers of lard, upon which cheeks the size of small melons rested, squished up into a euphoric smile as the swan gently pressed yet another sweetroll into the dragon's mouth. Breasts the size and shape of partially inflated beach balls rested atop the singularly massive dome that was the dragon's belly. A stumpy, rounded tail wagged heavily from beneath the dragon's back rolls, under which his beanbag chair-like buttocks supported the dragon's massive bulk. Bloated arms rubbed at his belly lazily as far as they could reach, which wasn't far at all, given their bloated girth. Whatever the dragon's legs looked like was a mystery, as they had long been smothered under his incredible gut.

"That sounds wonderful, Mallory," the dragon replied between the rolls he was being fed, his voice slightly muffled by his voluminous cheeks and multitudinous chins.

Not long ago, Stephon the dragon had been a very different sight. As captain of the King's Knights, he had always kept himself trim and fit, serving as an example of physical perfection for the rest of the knights. People still tell tales of Stephon the Radiant flying out to meet enemy hordes head-on, his silver hide and polished armor gleaming as he felled entire legions single-handed. Many of these stories are exaggerated, of course, yet the Knight's renowned skill at arms was enough to make the kingdom's enemies think twice about attacking.
As he grew older, the dragon took on the role of mentor to the younger generation of knights, having been promoted to the status of Captain and pulled from fighting at the front lines. Stephon didn't resent it though, training his fellow knights to be as brave and strong as he had been in his prime. After retiring from the battlefield, the dragon had become more relaxed in his training and diet, but kept himself in good enough shape to train the new recruits. That was, until he met the daughter of the King's baker.

It was a day the dragon would never forget. He had been instructing the newest recruits of the knights when the King himself dropped by unannounced for an inspection. The King, a jovial and rotund lion by the name of Leo Rex, had also brought with him one of his caretakers, a swan that happened to be his baker's daughter.

The swan job seemed to merely be that of ensuring the King always had access to some form of baked goods, carrying a silver platter piled high with confections at all times. And yet what entranced Stephon the moment he laid eyes on the swan was her serene grace and beauty, coupled with an obvious joy in her seemingly simple work.

When he had gotten off duty that day, Stephon immediately made an effort to meet with the swan, who he came to know as Mallory, and they became fast friends. It didn't take long for the dragon to realize that Mallory enjoyed feeding others, especially with sweets and baked goods. And she also seemed to have a thing for those of a more rotund figure, which was strange to the dragon, especially given that he had been raised by knights that always made sure to drive home the point that physical fitness was paramount to success.

Eventually, the swan had convinced Stephon to give rotundity a try for her, as they had both noticed a romantic bond developing between them. And though hesitant, the dragon was also intrigued by Mallory's request. Since he had been fit his entire life, Stephon couldn't help but be fascinated by the thought of being more flabby.
It started off slow; two or three doughnuts here, a handful of cookies there. When Stephon began to actually show new pudge, it thrilled both he and Mallory, though for different reasons. For Stephon, it was simply such a novel experience to feel his form softening, feel it jiggle ever so slightly as he moved. It was fascinating, to put it lightly, and so the dragon gave Mallory the go ahead to modify Stephon's diet as she saw fit.

Within just a few weeks, the swan had taken to Stephon's consent so well that the dragon's clothes and armor began to strain in an effort to contain his form. When she noticed this, Mallory gave Stephon a rather interesting request. Donning his tight armor one afternoon and strapping himself in, Stephon and Mallory settled in for a long feeding, determined to see just who could hold more; Stephon, or his breastplate.

There was no steady acceleration to this particular binge; Mallory simply grabbed ever morsel and shoved it into the dragon's eager maw as fast as he could swallow. Doughnuts, cookies, cakes, brownies, and rolls all slid forcefully down Stephon's throat. As his armor tightened, beginning to creak and groan from its straining straps, it only excited the dragon and swan more, the feeding quickening in response. Suddenly, nearly an hour into this feast, the straps that bound Stephon's breastplate to his torso SNAPPED! The metal armor, bent from the prolonged pressure it had been forced to endure, flew off of its bearer as his belly surged forward, freed from its confines in a comical display that sent Mallory and Stephon into fits of euphoric laughter, their goal having finally been met. Looking one another in the eye lovingly, they spent the rest of the night in the comfort of one another's presence.

Now, almost a year later, Stephon's daily food intake was akin to the amount a small family would consume during a week of feasting. The result was his gloriously fatted form, rippling and sloshing with any movement the dragon made. And as Mallory lay blissfully upon the dragon's heaving breast, feeding him confection after confection, Stephon couldn't help but sigh in contented bliss. Life was good.

The Biggest Wish of them All
Story by Dragontzin, idea by Azurelief
“Life is not a wish granting factory... but what if companies were?”

Okay. First night. Don’t mess it up this time. It is just as simple task. You go in there, snap your fingers and walk out. That’s it. No big deal, right? No big deal...

You stare at the house for a few seconds, repeating your makeshift plan on your mind, trying not to fiddle too much with the small paper note you wrote before coming here. Your boss wouldn’t like to see you couldn’t even complete the simplest mission in stock. So you step forward towards the looming house, hidden by the shadows casted by the tall trees that adorn the sidewalks and the front lawns. Your feet barely make a noise as you advance towards your goal. First step: get inside. It is easy given the tools the crew of Night Wishes Inc. has on stock. With a simple click, or the turn of a dial you could transport from the sidewalk to the room of any young kid, and nobody would notice! You snicker. That sounded disturbingly wrong and pedoph...

You shake your head. Focus: this kid needs you. You remember his plea coming though the earpiece back at the office. His voice had been soft and fragile, almost as if it would break in any moment, his wish, sincere and expertly worded, almost as if he had prepared his speech all along. Or at least is seemed so while you were trying to score a paper ball into the trashcan in your office... No! You couldn’t screw this up. Sure, this was far from you dream job, but at least, you felt useful. So after a quick sprint you press the small button on your watch and the street around you starts to spin rapidly, and right when you start feeling sick, it begins to slow down, only to show that you are no longer in the street but in a small bedroom. A kid’s bedroom for that matter. 

Judging by the various posters on the walls showing a couple of videogames you have heard of at the coffee breaks, which contrast with the toys scattered around the room, you can safely say he must be around thirteen years old; perhaps a bit younger. You step ahead, moving your feet carefully to avoid the action figures and the toy cars, slowly making your way towards the bed. The place reminds you of your younger days when the only thing that worried your mind was how to earn a couple of extra bucks so you could spend them on the local arcade. 

Those sure were good times. 

The only sound that can be heard is the light paused respiration of the youngster, every few seconds. It was had to imagine his mind could be troubled at all. You are now close enough to see him, and you can’t help but raise your eyebrows in surprise. The kid, a youthful alligator looked just as frail as his voice had sounded on the speaker. He was a twig! Even though he was covered by a thick blanket, the outline of his body stood out as remarkably thin: from the tip of his long snout to the claws on his feet, everything was just green scales and angular bones. It was hard to tell amidst the darkness but you could almost have sworn his ribs stood out even through the bedclothes!

It took you a while to get your mind off of how underweight this young kid was, and when you finally did, you remembered the small piece of paper in the depths of your pocket: you still had a wish to grant! You fumbled with the small note, while you tried at the same time to remember the words that the reptile had said right before going to bed. After all it was your duty to listen to those words and come here to make them true. Or at least so you had been told in the introductory session. Damn, you should’ve put more attention to the boy. It was something about some bullies at school... or was it a teacher? He wanted for something... No, scratch that... He asked to be something. But what was it? There was an underlined word in your notes... Why had you creased it so tightly? It was a B... Then a J? No, an I. And then what looked like a C. No! It was a G! Was it... well. It sure made sense: He had asked to be bigger, hadn’t he? Well... you had lost some valuable time already and you certainly had no more to spare, so BIGGER would have to do. So he wanted to be bigger? That was easy. You closed your eyes and snapped your fingers. Then you counted to three and it was all done. By the next morning he would be the biggest kid of his class... perhaps even of his entire school. 

Happy knowing you had accomplished your fist task —or at least you tried to convince yourself you had succeeded at it— you turned around, stopping for a while and looking back at the young alligator; you could’ve sworn you saw his belly raise higher than what it had before, with each deep breath he took. You sighed pressing the same button on your watch and vanishing from the peaceful bedroom.
________________________________________


And so the morning came and the light shone right through the blinds of the kid’s bedroom, making its way to the reptile’s face. His sluggish and blurry mind took a while to register why his alarm hadn’t gone off that morning only to remember it was Saturday. He closed his eyes, taking a few minutes to relish on the pleasant sensation of being buried under such a comfortable layer of soft plush blankets after what had to be one of the best nights of sleep he had ever experienced. It was almost painful to think about leaving bed. But breakfast wouldn’t prepare itself, that’s for sure. 

And so he sat up. Except, he didn’t. He blinked rapidly, lifting his torpid arms to grab the edge of the blanket in order to toss it away from his body and finally get up, only to realize, he was grabbing far more than just woven cotton. He looked down to where his feet would normally poke on the other end of the bed only to see a round, spherical mass of brownish green scales blocking the view, that pushed his blue pajama’s T-shirt upwards, uncomfortably stretched by his broadened chest. He brought his arms to his face, rubbing his eyes in disbelief, which made the whole experience much more far fethched by the way his now thick sleeves of extra weight jiggled and jostled, making his cherubic cheeks bounce around like a pair of bubbles in a lava lamp. 

He had to be dreaming. He sure was still dreaming. One two three, WAKE UP!

He slid his log-sized legs off the edge of the bed and made a dash towards the bathroom, refusing to accept how his body had blimped up and how it wobbled around him as he stomped right across the hall, his sides lightly brushing against the doorframe. He slammed the door shut, making its hinges creak unhappily from supporting his lard-laden body. Yet his reflection couldn’t be clearer. He was fat! He was overweight! He was brushing obesity already, with his midsection looking like an overfilled water balloon, and everything else looking just as plump, causing his pajamas to burst at its seams, scaly flesh sagging over the waist of his pants, only making his bulky figure all the most notorious. 

He only had wished for a bigger bedroom...

Gaining Publicity
Story by Featheredfatty, idea by Sasuke
“My name is Pate. I am an artist, however unlike most artist who use canvas, clay, marble or fabric to create art I am able to use my scales to create images and patterns in a dazzling amount of color. It’s a perk that comes with being a chameleon. Of course I, as many artists do, felt that my art was too small; I wanted bigger and better! But…I couldn’t go out a buy a bigger canvas, after all I was my canvas, so the only choice I had was to make myself bigger, and boarder to make my art more beautiful. The results of said experiment are sitting in front of you right now!” 
My own disembodied voice explained what I had done to myself to the hundreds of visitors I had each day. It gets annoying hearing yourself say the same thing every 20 minutes but it’s better than silence I suppose, it’s not like I can make conversation with anyone in my current state. Speaking of my current state I should explain myself; I’m immobile. Not in a way that I’ve injured myself and can no longer move; but I have put on so much weight that I can no longer physically move any part of my body. It all started a couple years ago when I was discovered for recreating famous paintings using my scales, doing this I gathered a minor following and even invites to a few small art shows. I always received compliments too, but then I started receiving complaints. They all seemed to say the same thing, and I agree with them; the art should be bigger. Who was I to deny my followers such a request? So I began my gain. It started small; a round gut, small moobs, wide hips and thick thighs, a bubble butt, a few fat rolls on my tail, an extra chin or two and some fat dangling off of my upper arms.
Sure enough as I started my gain admission to my shows sky rocketed. Dozens of people came to take picture and marvel as my skin changed to dazzling colors. I was receiving even more publicity at this point and invitations to even bigger art shows. But yet again the compliments came pouring in, and they made me so happy. Yet, I would still hear whispers from people wondering if I am going to get any bigger. Once again my audience and I were of the same mind and I started gaining again. I was obese at this point; a gut that covered my crotch and fat rolls on my sides, two fully formed moobs sat on my chest, my cheeks were now cubby, I had sausage like fingers, thighs that forced my gait into a waddle, hips that got caught in chairs, and a double wide butt with a tail so heavy I could only drag it.
Once again I started a circuit with more flesh I was able to create even better art, which attracted even better crowds, which brought in even more followers and more requests for me to get even bigger. About this time I felt like it was getting ridiculous. Even now I couldn’t stand for long periods of time and any amount of walking made me sweat up a storm. I was at a lost until a mysterious benefactor approached me and told me he would pay me to gain weight and continue to create art. I was flabbergasted, but also incredibly excited. After we got it all worked out and the payments were in order I started my descent into immobility. I ate more food in just a few days then the week before, I did little to no exercise, this includes basic movements, and I took special medication to slow my metabolism. The eating got to me, I started to get hungrier and lazier. Most of my days were spent watching TV and shoving junk food into my maw watching my own waistline expand. One day I realized I couldn’t stand up from my couch. At first I was horrified but after a quick call to my benefactor we got everything sorted out. The art shows would now come to me and my house would be converted into a museum. So the cycle continued, people from all over came to my own lodging just to see my incredible artwork plastered upon my boulder size gut, sagging moobs, incredibly broad shoulders attached to thick and heavy biceps, a couch covering rear end, a sadly shrinking tail, thighs that can no longer be separated and hips would get caught in most doorways.
With all the money and support flowing in and the lack of things to do in my new abode I had little to do besides get even bigger. So I ate. And ate. And ate some more, and continued to eat even when full until I felt sick to my stomach and then ate some more for good measure. My meals consisted of enough calories to make even overweight people consider dieting, but I couldn’t stop. It was as if some flood gate in my mind and soul had opened. This was no longer about the art it was now about seeing how big I could get, how massive I could feel, how many fans I could garner. The results were obvious. 
My once angular face had now rounded out to the point of insanity. My cheeks are so large that they block my eyesight and have to be physically moved aside for me to open my mouth. My chin and neck have merged giving me incredibly large rolls of flab to rest my head on. Moobs that can be better described as rolling hills sit atop of a gut that could fill most swimming pools. The fat rolls on my back and sides make me resemble an accordion. I have arms that are so pack with fat that I cannot bend them and have to keep them parallel to the ground; my hands were so swollen with fat they seemed more like baseball gloves, and my fingers were reduced to fat nubs on the ends of them. My poor tail has been lost in the mountains mounds of fat I call my backside, but it was a sacrifice I had to make. My hips are wider than a bus is long, and my thighs are so big they’ve absorbed my knees and everything below them. 
So now I sit here in my house, turned live in art museum, watching dozens upon dozens of gawkers come in to stare at my scales. There are no more complaints about me not being big enough, except for mine. I’m sure if I was able to ask I could find people who were like-minded. At this point it didn’t matter to me. Not what the critics said, not what my fans wanted, not the money or the fame. I just wanted my art to be bigger. And I always did think of myself as a work of art.

Bite Sized
Story by Orion89, idea by PsychicImmortality

“Fifty-six grams!” grumbled Gomamon staring at the scale’s number as if he could will it to change. “Why can’t I get any fatter than this? I eat every chance I get, everything extra greasy and fatty, but I haven’t gained more than three pounds in six months.”
“It takes some Digis more time than others,” Gabumon explained patting his more than ample gut. “Looks like you were born with a rather efficient metabolism.”
“Well what do you recommend then?” asked Gomamon. “One of those high calorie diet plans or those gross powdered drinks that more than likely don’t work? You know I can’t afford them on my salary.”
“I was going to say eat more,” he suggested. “You’ve proven you can put it away and still be hungry for more. Just get a ton of food and eat till you’re ready to burst.”
“Easier said than done,” complained Gomamon. “That doesn’t resolve the issue of my limited funds. There are buffets, but after eating so much they start charging by the pound.”
“Well then I’m out of ideas, but a buffet does sound perfect for lunch,” said Gabumon. “What say we go to the one at the mall?”
“You don’t have to ask me when it involves eating,” replied Gomamon, licking his chops. “Let’s get going!”

The mall was as busy as ever at lunch time when Gabumon and Gomamon arrived and there was a line waiting at the buffet much to their disappointment. “Looks like we’re going to have to wait a bit till they have a table available.”
“Mind saving my place for me?” asked Gomamon. “I want to make room to eat more if you catch my drift?”
“Sure thing,” he answered. “Have a nice poo!”
“Shut up!” snapped Gomamon, blushing embarrassed as all the other Digimon in line were now staring. Quickly, Gomamon rushed away in search of a bathroom.

One flush later, Gomamon washed up and exited the bathroom. “It’ll be a while till Gabumon reached the front of the line and I’d rather avoid the whispers and snickers from the other Digis in line.”
“Step right up!” announced a DemiDevimon as a kiosk near the mall’s fountain. “I’ve got tonics and potions to cure all that ails you. Got a problem, then I got the solution in a bottle. Why take the long, honorable path of hard work when quick, affordable, shortcuts are available. Come right up and I promise you won’t be disappointed.” His words failed to draw in anyone to his kiosk. Those who had listened soon started walking away save for Gomamon.
“Could he have something to help me with my weight gain problem?” thought Gomamon. “Nah. That’s all just a scam. It is probably just flavored water or something.”
“I see you have a problem,” DemiDevimon said. “Tell me what it is and I will give you a tonic to make it go away.”
“I seriously doubt it, but it wouldn’t hurt to tell you,” he answered. “I have been trying to gain weight for a while now and while my efforts have given me some decent results I really want to be a lot fatter.”
“An interesting problem indeed, but one that I’m sure I can remedy,” DemiDevimon stated. “I can give you a potion that is sure to increase your weight ten times, no one hundred times.” He took out a bottle and placed it in front of Gomamon. “Just drink it down and I promise you won’t regret it.”
“Guess I have nothing to lose,” he admitted. He pulled the cork off with his mouth then drank down the potion to the last drop. “Well, it doesn’t taste like flavored water, but let’s see if it works.”
“Just give it a moment to enter your system then the effects will happen quickly,” he explained.
“Yeah, I do feel tingly all over,” replied Gomamon excited as he believed it was working, but his smile changed to confusion as he saw DemiDevimon suddenly appear to be getting bigger and the kiosk that he was able to see over while standing was suddenly getting taller and larger by the second. “What’s going on? Why am I getting smaller?”
“Uh, oh. That was a shrinking potion,” cried DemiDevimon. “I knew I should have put labels on the bottles. Drinking that much will make you only three inches tall.”
“Feels more like two and a half,” snapped Gomamon, an insect in size now. “Get me the antidote!”
“Uh, there isn’t any,” he admitted. “One potion can’t counter another and they have a rather long lasting effect time.”
“How long?” shouted Gomamon, his voice sounding very squeaky at his new size.
“It will be just a week sooner forever. Heheh, sorry. No charge sir,” answered DemiDevimon as he quickly gathered up his potions and flew off.
“This is just dandy,” grumbled Gomamon. “First I weigh less than ever now if I’m not careful I can get crushed under foot since everybody and everything is now gigantic to me.” Fuming for a moment, his temper subsided when he realized something about his words. “I might be smaller, but I still am as fat and heavy as I felt before and while I am this small the size of food will be enormous! A single burger would be bigger than my whole body. This might not have been what I intended, but I think this situation will work out even better. Now I just need to get back to the buffet.” Looking down to the buffet it had been a short walk to get there, but now a lengthy expedition at his miniature size. “Seems there are problems being this small, but Gabumon should be at the front of the line by the time I get back.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15605335/