Despite the title, the only thing that's popping in this story is bubblewrap. I'll pretty much never write about popping ever >.>

 LinkCLX won last night's speedwrite raffle, the theme being bubblewrap (I have a bunch of it by my desk during stressful situations >.>). So, with this story, I imagined a very disgruntled Denya trying to get his lazy tubby pal Verdori to do some sort of exercise by bringing in some dragon-sized bubble wrap. Needless to say it worked, but not int he way he envisioned. 

This story was a ton of fun to write, and shockingly enough, it came very easy to me. I went much faster than usual on it and didn't second guess/doubt myself so much, even though this story is pretty short even for a speedwrite (a little under 2k words). Still, I'd like to ask if this would be worth a commission, or if I should stick to my slower, more meticulous pacing for commissions. Writing for money is hard x.x

I hope you all enjoy~



“Is there nothing I can do to get you off your fat ass?”

Denya sighed. He may be a young dragon-wolf hybrid in his late 20’s, but the hybrid heaved the sigh of an old man dealing with a generation’s worth of ungrateful children. It was getting to the point where he was starting to check his sunny blond hair for grey strands every morning, but fortunately that color was reserved for the rest of his fur. Still, everyday left him feeling a little more drained than before as he dealt with his roommate.

That roommate being a 9 foot tall feral dragon.

“I hear a bulldozer might do the trick,” Verdori snickered, his looming belly quivering before him. Most dragon’s would dread to be caught on their backs exposed, but Verdori relished in showing off his expansive middle, the rolling mass of scales and chub looking not unlike a small green hill from the distance. If his stomach was a grassy knoll, than the colorful bags of chips and cookies would be the flowers dotting the picturesque landscape; that is, even if most of them weren’t obscured in his wobbling rolls. Rubbing as far along the spherical mass as he could reach with his bloated arms, the pudgy reptile turned his attention from the ceiling-mounted television back to his roommate, sticking out his tongue. “I saw a commercial earlier about this bulldozer that can push 40,000 pounds around, how many of those do we need for me?”

“Seeing you right now, I’d say about three,” Denya growled, shoving his arm against the stationary dragon’s sides, which did little more than jostle the quivering green wall of flab.

Instead of returning the growl (like any normal dragon would do), Verdori simply chuffed in glee, watching the emptied bags tumble off his belly like dried leaves off a waterbed. “Hey, that feels good, can you run around and do the same on my left side next?”

Denya took a deep breath, ready to yell at the slothful drake once again, before sighing in defeat. Every day was the same for him: trying to get his lazy dragon to even budge an inch, only to sigh in defeat and watch his gluttonous housemate laze on his back and gorge all day, only to wake up each day a little bit wider, a little bit softer.

A little bit closer to immobility.

And it was all Denya’s fault too, ever since he found the tiny hatchling caught in a rainstorm, too small to even generate the heat it needed to live. It was that day that the hybrid became the owner of a very wealthy sum of money when a distant relative he didn’t even know of passed away, leaving him the sole heir. “What good is wealthy if you have no one to share it with,” became the hybrid’s motto as he cared for the small reptile, who quickly grew into a big reptile. In order to properly deal with the implications of his newfound wealth (mainly the popularity he drew in), the draolf had to leave for long periods of the day, leaving behind an exorbant amount of food for Verdori to occupy his time with. Somewhere along the line, the dragon developed a belief that he was meant to eat as much as possible to please Denya, which leads up to their current situation of a very, very fat full-grown dragon ignoring his friend’s pleas to try to lose weight. Being fatter meant having more to eat, and Verdori wanted to show off what a great friend Denya was by being the very fattest he could be.

Or, to summarize, they had very complicated and conflicting viewpoints on each other, with neither of them able to comprehend the other’s thoughts.

“Don’t you want to at least waddle outside, before you’re too thick to walk through those doors?” Denya pleaded, hauling his small self against the drake’s dull-green bulk. Last year, after he had finished storing his money away, Denya had purchased a custom built manor meant to contain a full grown dragon, which meant that every room was connected under a large archway and garage-like opening to go outside. Lately, said full grown dragon’s spherical body was starting to fill those archways like a ball going through the round hole. It was only a matter of time until his flanks started getting stuck.

Verdori snorted. “Outside doesn’t have snacks and Hell’s Kitchen.”

“You know that dragon’s are predators, in the sense that they hunt down prey for food, right? They typically don’t have to rely on dragonwolves do all of their ‘hunting’ for then.”

“I’ve done plenty of hunting,” the green dragon grabbed an entire box of donut’s in his chubby claws before mashing them into his open muzzle, moaning happily as he did so.

“That’s…That’s not…” Damn, defeated once again. Denya was about to sigh, ready to call it quits and let the dragon to his own thing again, were it not for his special plan he had saved. “Well, what if I told you I had something to reignite your passion for hunting?”

“Pass.” Verdori didn’t wait for Denya to finish speaking, not even turning his chubby head to the draolf.

“No no, really, it’s great! This thing is 100% irresistible to anyone, even a lazy puddle of pudge like yourse- stop smiling, that’s not a compliment! Here, just hold tight a few moments while I bring it out.”

“Will do, chief,” Verdori snorted, plunging his snout back into another box of donuts. Normally, the hybrid would be quite fussy that the dragon was allowing himself to be surrounded by wrappers and crumbs, but lately Denya didn’t seem too enthused to clean up after him. Maybe he was starting to finally give up and let his drake sleep and eat all day, like what his species was meant to do? The only problem Verdori could imagine getting fatter would bring would involve having to press down on his belly in order to see the TV, but that was something a few pillows could rectify, right?

Soon, the dragon could hear a loud rustling sound coming into the room, with his housemate’s huffing attached to them. “Just ignore him, Verdori, he’ll give up on you sooner or later,” he thought to himself, his attention sorely focused on the television above him. He was about to bite down on another pawful of chips when suddenly-

*Pop!*

Verdori flinched, crushing the chips into powder over his doughy face when he heard the sudden explosion. Raising his goat-like ears, the obese drake finally raised his head, the crumbs cascading over his waterfall of chins, to see what the hybrid was up to.

*Pop!* “Hah, I told you I’d get you interested!” Denya smirked proudly, popping yet another plastic bubble with a sharp needle. Verdori had heard of bubble wrap before, that’s the stuff that encased his bags of junk food when Denya ordered his meals in bulk, but he had never seen the bubbles look so large before! The plastic wrap Denya brought over filled the entirety of the living room and then some, leaving Verdori to wonder how he didn’t notice the hybrid dragging the stuff in. Each bubble was huge, roughly the size of a basketball, but very easy to pop. To demonstrate this, Denya poked yet another bubble with a needle, the same satisfying *Pop* filling the entire room. “Heh, this stuff is even more delightful when they’re this huge! You better come get you share before I end up popping all of them!”

That wasn’t likely to be soon, as there were dozens, perhaps hundreds of bubbles to be popped in the spacious room, yet for some odd reason, Verdori found himself intrigued. Perhaps it was finally his predatory instincts kicking in to destroy anything weaker than himself, or maybe because the popping reminded him of opening over-sized chip bags; regardless, Verdori shifted his wobbling mass left to right before finally rolling onto his feet.

And then he rolled some more, directly towards the anthro.

“Wait, Verdy, Sto-!” Denya feebly held his arms out to stop the rolling mountain, but he may as well have been trying to hold back a tidal wave. In an instant, Verdori descended upon the hybrid, who provided next to no resistance in the dragon’s quest to pop as many bubbles as he could.

And pop them he did.

Even with Denya trapped deep against his belly fat, Verdori annihilated hundreds of plastic bubbles in seconds, the entire house sounding like a warzone. The hybrid tried screaming for help, but his voice was simply too weak to be carried over the explosions, nestled deeply against the pinnacle of the dragon’s stomach. Just when the sound started to die down, however, Denya grunted as he was smothered against the wall, laying out spread eagle as his entire body was engulfed in green lard, trapped against the blubber like a fly to flytrap. Now firmly nestled in his roommate’s bulk, the hybrid had nowhere to go as Verdori started rolling the other way, the sound of dying bubbles filling the house (and quite possibly the neighborhood). Back and forth and back and forth the steamroller dragon moved, a childlike grin etched on his doughy muzzle. He didn’t seem to care that his ward was trapped against him, or simply couldn’t feel the smaller hybrid; he was only interested in having the time of his life. Eventually, however, the sounds of bubbles popping slowly died out, just as Verdori’s stamina started depleting. It took a lot of energy to keep himself moving after all, even if his blubber did make rolling and rebounding off of walls quite easily.

Panting softly, the dragon flopped onto his back at the same spot he started at, nestled securely in between his cushions and snacks. Still smiling happily, the obese drake looked up at the motionless draolf, watching him rise and fall atop of his quivering middle. “Phew, you were right, Denya! I didn’t think anything requiring movement could be so much fun! Can we do this again sometime?”

Denya didn’t respond, but then again how could he? He could hardly move, save for a twitch of his wing like a dying cockroach. Heck, Verdori swore the hybrid looked slightly longer and thinner than usual, like a chunk of dough sticking to the end of a rolling pin!

Even after Verdori had stopped rolling, Denya still had to wait for the world to stop spinning. The drake’s gut continued wobbling, after all, and so he weakly clung to it, his face looking as green as the dragon’s. When the blood stopped rushing to his face and he could tell up from down again, the hybrid wheezed and finally spoke up. “Y-you know what? I think…I think we should just relax…for a few months.”

With a smirk, Verdori scooted further into his comfy seat, making sure the hybrid didn’t fall off before grabbing several more bags of chips. “Way ahead of ya.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/29360926/