CW: Planetary weight gain, bad words. 4.6k word count 

I was in a really manic mood last night, and I decided to focus most of that energy on making a story. Zane has been asking me for a while to write him a fat story where he ends up a celestial body, and at that moment I figured out a fun idea I could try, inspired by a growth sequence on Twitter. It was extremely cathartic; you can kinda tell as the plot gets pretty nonsensical throughout :p 

Anyways, Denya is upset he's getting too fat, and Zane takes it upon himself to show his boyfriend just what "too fat" means. 

I hope you all enjoy~



	“Please calm down, sweetheart. You’re overreacting.” 

	That was the understatement of the century. Denya knew for a fact that his boyfriend was right, but that didn’t help his rampaging emotions in the slightest. If anything, it seemed to agitate him further, the draolf clenching his fists so tight he felt his claws pierce his palms. Every inch of him was shaking, trembling with barely-suppressed rage like a volcano ready to erupt at a moment’s notice. An accurate comparison, given how red his face was growing under the pressure. The dragon-wolf hybrid was crazed, nearly delirious, tears streaming down his face. 

	And all for such a stupid reason too. 

	“Yeah, great idea, Zane! I’ll go calm down! Let me just go sit my fatass on the couch and shovel ice cream down my gullet until the damn thing breaks beneath me! It’s all I’m good at anymore!” 

	He was fat. 

	Denya didn’t mean to shout so loudly, and speak so bluntly, to his boyfriend. He felt terrible saying what he said the moment those words left his muzzle when he saw the big blue bear’s muzzle furrow, the ursine’s purple eyes glistening with his own suppressed emotions. Yet, the hybrid didn’t regret what he said; he needed an outlet for his anger in himself, and Zane just happened to be right outside his bedroom when the draolf finally tore his favorite underwear in half. 

	The larger bear sighed. “Sweetie, you’re fine. It’s the winter season; we’ve all put on a few pounds over the holidays. It happens.”

	“No, I put on a couple pounds back in December when my work pants were getting snug.” The draolf spat back, his chest heaving.  “I put on a couple more pounds when my boss pointed out my middle was showing whenever I lifted my arms. I put on even more when my gut started hitting the dinner table before I even sat down, and that was only last month!” Denya’s mouth was dry, his throat suddenly incredibly sore. He was having trouble even seeing his loving boyfriend’s face through the veil of tears as another thought crossed his mind. “F-fuck me, dude, what’s the point of eating all those salads and doing those goddamn workouts? I thought they were supposed to make you thinner!” 

	“They make you healthier,” Zane corrected, clearing his throat. He spoke with little emotion; not condescending in the slightest, only pity. Denya couldn’t tell if he preferred this over the bear’s typical “I told you so” attitude. “You should be proud, hun. You’re eating better and you’re getting stronger. Really, being pudgy isn’t nearly as bad for you as all this stress is.’ 

	“It’s bad for my self esteem, that’s what it’s bad for!” The draolf scowled, reaching his meaty arms beneath his gut and liiiifting it for the bear to see. Even with two arms cradling as much flab as they could reach, the end of his bulbous belly still managed to sag over his limbs slightly, the orb of belly pudge simply too large to be properly contained. Just keeping it in the air was proving to be too much of a struggled for the winged wolf, who had to finally let it go after less than a minute, feeling it plop heavily against his tree trunk thighs. That impact sent dozens of ripples across his gelatinous frame, from his perky manboobs down to his watermelon-sized ass cheeks. Ass cheeks that squeezed out from the helm of his torn and stretched undies, the fabric tearing slightly further due to the resulting ripples. Denya closed his eyes tight and let out a shuddering gasp, tears flowing around his curvy cheeks before vanishing between his two doughy chins. His heart pounded painfully in his chest; he wished he could rip it out and throw it away, if only it weren’t swaddled beneath several inches of useless, disgusting blubber. 

	He waited for Zane to respond, then waited some more. For a moment, the draolf thought his mate had actually walked away from the pitiful sight, but as he slowly opened his bloodshot eyes, he saw the large ursine had stayed put, looking down at him, his expression unwavering. “Denya...please understand. You look fine.”

	“No, I don’t,” Denya sniffed, or at least tried to. When did his nose get so clogged? “I’m hideous. I’ll never be able to make friends now. I’m so pathetic and useless, everyone’s gonna have to be extra accomodating just for my stupid fat ass, and by that point they’ll get fed up and never talk to me again. I’m almost as fat as...as…” 

	“As me, Denya?” 

	The draolf gulped, folding his ears. Red hot shamed washed over him, followed by icy cold guilt at the realization of what he was about to say, as well as Zane sensing it beforehand. The pains of having a telepathic boyfriend. Denya gulped. That was inexcusable, what he had just said. He had no right to snap back at his lover like that, especially when the big blue bear was only trying to help. The hybrid looked up, ready to see a scowl of contempt, but was instead surprised to see Zane extend his black paw. “C’mere. I wanna show you something.” 

	Denya stared at the inviting paw before slowly reaching out to grab it. He wasn’t sure what to expect from the bear; except to maybe be lead to his room where the larger male would offer his clothes for the half-naked hybrid. Imagine the hybrid’s surprise when, instead, he was pulled steps forward into another location entirely: outside a Walmart parking lot, to be precise! The draolf yelped as he looked around the new environment, not at all expecting to suddenly step outdoors into the cool evening, in a vacant parking lot, who-knows-how-many miles away from their home. The pains of having a teleporting boyfriend. 

	“W-what are we doing here?” The tubby hybrid whimpered, his lengthy tail wrapped shyly around his exposed thigh. Thank God the place was empty; he was in little more than broken undies, after all! 

	“Doing a little experiment.” The bear stepped back, a sly smile spreading across his chubby cheek. “Pay attention, lil’ Densy. I’m only gonna do this once.” 

	Denya watched intently as the mystic ursine’s eyes glowed, his placing his black paws on the sides of his large gut. Looking closely, the draolf realized his boyfriend really was fatter than him; much fatter, in fact. He recalled times the pudgy bear had to squeeze through doors and booths. As fat as Denya was getting, he didn’t even take up an entire row of bus seats like Zane did. 

	Which was why the draolf’s jaw dropped when he saw Zane’s black jacket start to lift up, exposing even more of his big blue belly! 

	“W-what are you doing?!” Denya yelped, even though the answer was quite obvious. He watched as his boyfriend blew up like a tubby blueberry right before his eyes! In what would take an avid gainer months of dedicated binging and lazing, Zane was achieving in seconds! That big tubby belly grew even bigger, his deep navel now visible as the upper helm of it pushed his jacket to the limit. The dimples in his pudgy cheeks growing deeper, wide enough to squeeze a quarter in, while his chins bunched up past his thick tire of a neck. The bear kept shifting on his feet due to the incredible gain, his stance widening again and again to accomodate those enormous thighs, both of which rounder than the base of Denya’s thick tail. Speaking of which, that blue furry log sticking out from atop Zane’s enormous ass filled with lard, plopping lazily on the ground like a fat and lazy anaconda. The draolf was stunned, watching his lover almost double his weight in mere minutes, noticing the gaining was starting to finally come to a halt. 

	And that’s when Zane’s clothes exploded off of him.

	No rips, no tears; one moment the bear was clothed, the next he was wearing only the scraps of his threads scattered throughout his adipose-ladened body. Denya couldn’t even tell if Zane used magic to destroy his clothes, or if it was the sheer force of his lard that ruined his jacket and pants. All the draolf knew was that his grinning boyfriend was still gaining, that massive gut hanging past his knees, past his chins. The edge of that W shaped gut was mere inches from the ground before finally halting again. 

	“Phew, now that was *BWUURRARP!* fun,” the bear snickered, his cheeks bouncing with his laughter. With an arm wider than Denya’s chest, the ursine gave his billowing gut a gentle pat, watching the ripples wobble like an 4 foot wide sphere of Jell-O. 

	Denya couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “What...are you...I mean…” 

	“What am I?” Zane tilted his head, his roll of neck flab spilling against his shoulder. “Let’s see...I say I’m about 900-ish pounds, maybe closer to a thousand. I’m about four feet wide from my perspective, but there’s probably an extra two feet behind me if you know what I mean. It’s physically impossible for me to move from this spot without outside means; my thighs are too thick to move them, and even if I could, this apron of a gut wouldn’t let me move my legs two inches. I’m cheating a bit here and using telekinesis to help me stand; otherwise I’d need a guardrail or something to help keep me upright. That is, if I don’t bend the damn thing beneath me!” 

	“Y-yeah,” was all Denya could say back. This was happening way too fast for him. He was still trying to get over the sheer size of his lover! He had to actually step back just so he could keep in eye contact with the tall bear, as well as take in all that ursine. 

	“So...tell me what I look like.” 

	“Huh?” 

	“Tell me what I look like! I can’t see really take a good look at myself, after all!” The bear chuckled. “I can’t even turn my neck!” 

	“O-oh!” Denya gulped. “W-well...I guess calling you a blueberry is kinda obvious...You know in Dragonball Z, where Cell started blimping up before exploding to try and kill everyone? You look kinda like that.” 

	“Hah! Not what I was expecting, but alright!” Zane snickered, a paw gently rubbing along that shelf of a gut. “I’ll try not to explode, if that helps. What I mean was, do I look hideous?” 

	“N-no,” Denya muttered, his ears folding as he finally came to a realization. 

	“Do I look ugly?” 

	“No.” 

	“Repulsive?” 

	“Well, in a crowded area, maybe.” 

	“Fair point, but you get where I’m going with this, right?” 

	“Well yeah, but that’s not fair! You’re my boyfriend and I’d love you no matter what shape and size you were!” To emphasize his point, Denya wrapped his arms as far across the broad fuzzy middle of Zane’s and squeezed tight, his arms vanishing into that all-encompassing girth. Sheesh, that wall of lard was nearly as tall as he was! But he couldn’t deny just how warm and cozy it felt to hold all that bear, especially in the chill evening air. 

	“Oh really?” Zane responded; Denya didn’t need to see his lover’s face to know that bear was grinning ear to ear. “Then let’s kick it up a notch, shall we?” 

	The draolf stepped back just in time to watch the big bear grow even bigger! It didn’t take much for that gut to finally rest on the floor, swelling and growing outwards like a sponge. With a grunt, Zane finally collapsed backwards, but given how enormous his ass had grown, it wasn’t much of a fall. Heck, at the rate he was growing, it wasn’t long before the bear surpassed his height sitting down than he ever did standing up! And yet, he continued growing bigger, larger, fatter, all with a smile on his increasingly-dimpled face. 

By the time he had finished growing, Denya could barely recognize him! His feet were suspended in the air, surrounded by an enormous pillow of cankle fat that only grew wider along with the rest of his pudgy thighs. Those cheeks were looking downright comedic in size, now resting on his broad shoulders. Heck, everything rose up to the bear’s shoulders; his gut, his chest, even his ass! Denya could barely see the edge of the whitelines of a parking space beneath his bear’s tonnage, realizing his boyfriend had reached twice the length of a parking space, and more than quadrupled its width! 

“HURRRARP! Alright, then,” the bear grunted, even his voice dropping a few notes lower. “I’m at least three tons heavy now, give or take. I can’t move my legs, obviously, although I can kinda wiggle my toes if I try hard enough. Can barely even pudge- erh, budge my arms at this point either. Can still wiggle my ears though, but not sure how long that will last.So, your thoughts?” 

“Uuuuuh…” Denya flatlined. He had to crane his head up just to see his boyfriend’s face, nestled between two cheeks larger than the draolf’s own sizable paunch! The very same paunch he was so frustrated over in the first place! There was just so much bear, the hybrid had to stand on his tip toes just to see the ursine’s arms, noting that they, too, were trapped in enormous waterwing-like cylinders of lard. He could only make out the neon-green claw tips from those circles of pudge! Everywhere else, Zane was just...huge! A series of rolls and cylinders stacked on top of each other, all jiggling and wobbling. “You’re...really fat.” 

“Speak up! I can’t hear you all the way down there!” 

“I said you’re really fuckin’ fat!” Denya cried out, laughing. “Are you cozy up there?” 

“Extremely!” The bear chortled in response, quivering his entire figure. “Well, not quite. Can you scratch this itch on my back?” 

“Fuck that!” Still smirking, the draolf gave that wall of belly another gut, noting how his entire body nearly fell into the monolith of chub this time, not just his arms. The bear’s navel had vanished, buried beneath a thick ring-like fold that wrapped around his entire figure, deep enough to completely cover the fat hybrid himself! He couldn’t even find the belly button by sticking his arms as deep as he could beneath that fold, although he was still rewarded by the soothing heat that so much pudge provided. 

	“You’re lucky you can’t see me rolling my eyes at you right now,” the bear’s voice rang out beyond the horizon of his chub. “But it feels like you’re having a ton of fun down there, cuddling an enormous, useless, immovable blob of fat, right?” 

	The draolf found himself smiling involuntarily, his tail wagging on his own. “I dunno. You could still be moved, I bet. Just need a crane or a tractor, and you can get those anywhere!” 

	“Oh-ho, is that so? Well then, climb aboard before I run you over, itty bitty draolf!” 

	Denya didn’t need to be told twice! He stuck his foot in that very same fold, using it to help climb himself onto his very fat boyfriend. Carefully, he crawled along the top of Zane’s belly, struggling a bit to keep his balance due to the squishy figure. At last, he plopped himself on his gut along the bear’s chest, resting his head on the bear’s bright green nosie. “Take us up,” he asked, planting a quick kiss on the side of Zane’s muzzle. 

	No sooner were those words spoken did Denya feel his boyfriend rumble. He watched the ground start to lower itself, before hiding beneath the oncoming wave of blue lard. Higher and wider, the bluebear grew, becoming impossibly heavy in the process. Faster and faster he rose, even Denya was taken aback at how quickly they were rising. Literal tons of pure lard deposited itself all around the ursine’s body, his figure no longer having any define shape other than a puddle of blubber. Or a half-melted scoop of ice cream. 

	And yet he kept going. Going, going, going, until the sound of debris brought the bear’s growth to a halt. “Shit, did I break the Walmart?” 

	Denya didn’t respond, even though the answer was obvious. He was just in awe, having slowly risen up to his feet to look at the damage his boyfriend had procured. Just earlier, his boyfriend had taken up roughly four parking spaces; now, he was taking up the entire parking lot of a Walmart supercenter! Hell, more than that! The bear’s gut spilled beyond the property and onto the street, coming to a stop at an intersection. Even then, it had unlodged several lampposts and streetlights from the ground, the broken metal rods resting against his swollen form. The draolf didn’t have to look behind him to know that his boyfriend’s ass had smashed right through the large building; hell, it probably was putting cracks in the one behind that! Zane’s body literally went on for hundreds of feet! Slowly, he turned his attention to the bear’s fat face; his cheeks the size of cars, his chins a cascading waterfall, his ears too fat to even raise anymore. “Jesus Christ...you’re so fucking big, dude…’ 

	“Too big to move?” Zane smirked. 

	“Uh, duh?!” 

	“Good!” The bear beamed, so proud himself. His actually head and muzzle looked hilariously tiny in comparison to the rest of him; an itty bitty muzzle wallowing in a sea of blue fat. “I’m about 250,000 tons or so, that sounds kinda accurate. Limbs are totally MIA, I can’t see past my moobs, I can feel a ton of rubble beneath my ass, though. That’s kinda concerning. But, uh, yeah. Immobile useless blob, ya know?” 

	“Y-yeah...I know…” Denya shuttered. Zane was right, his paws were completely missing! All he saw were a series of enormous rolls that gradually decreased in size before ending in a single fold. Anyone on the ground wouldn’t be able to see the bear’s head, or even his arms! Just a large hill of rolling blue flab. Suddenly, the draolf felt impossibly small and thin in comparison. He couldn’t even begin to imagine how it felt to be his own zip code like Zane, to feel his body spread across the ground, spilling or knocking over any object in its way. Just thinking about how heavy and restricted the bear must, trapped in his own body like that, almost made him feel claustrophobic. 

	But Zane just smiled, even if it was hard to see with those car-sized cheeks surrounding his muzzle. “Ya know, I’m using telekinesis to *BUUWWWAAAARP!* keep my cheeks separated,” the tubby ursine belched, the air suddenly smelling like calzones. “So, there ya go. You can rest assured that you’ll never get to be this size, ever. No matter how hard you tried.”

	“I dunno…”

	Zane blinked. “Excuse me?” 

	“I said I dunno, it might happen.” Denya found himself grinning again, laying before his boyfriend’s muzzle. “I could skip a day of exercise, or accidently eat a few too many slices of pizza. Next thing I know, I wind up as big as you are, maybe even bigger! Wouldn’t that be awful, to be even bigger and fatter than this?” He exclaimed, shaking an armful of neck pudge around. 

	Slowly, a similar grin found its way onto Zane’s fat face. “Well, let’s try and put those worries at ease then, shall we?” And with a rumble, the bear’s growth continued, yet again at record breaking speed. The sound of cars crashing and buildings crumbling soon grew muffled and distant as they ascended higher. Even without the noise, Denya could still easily imagine the big blue avalanche of pudge washing through street after street, sweeping away anything in its path no matter the size. Honestly, the thought of having so many pointy, jagged ends shoved into his enumerable rolls sounded painful to the draolf, although Zane hardly looked concerned in the slightest; in fact, the big bear let out a pleasured growl, occasionally sticking his green tongue out to lick his fat chops. 

	Without warning, the air around them grew moist as thick fog settled in the area. Although, to Denya’s guess, the thick fog was, in reality, a cloud. A cumulus cloud, given how thick and fluffy it looked on the way up. The draolf was no meteorologist, but he did read somewhere that those clouds start forming roughly 2,000 feet high, he suddenly had a very real idea of how big his boyfriend was. 

	“Aaaaaand *hic* done!” The bear sighed, panting. “Phew, this feels weird. My lower half is nice and toasty, but a little higher, say, around my navel, it starts feeling a little chilly. Weird, huh?” 

	“Uh huh…” Denya gulped. Beyond the horizon of the bear, past miles and miles and miles of pure blue lard, he could see the tops of skyscrapers. None of which made it halfway up the ursine’s sides. 

	If Denya felt small before, he was microscopic now! That fat ass of Zane’s rose over a hundred feet above their heads, a monolithic rear capable of crushing a city-sized chair! And those cheeks, bigger than an apartment complex; it’d take 20 minutes just to walk around one side of them! He looked down at Zane’s muzzle, and gasped when he saw that, even with telekinesis, the bear’s face had almost vanished within its own blubber. Even with his maw mostly obscured, that didn’t stop him from talking. “Right, so the stats. I weigh...I dunno, your guess is as good as mine. Probably bigger than a metropolis, though. I probably look like a big lake from space, I bet. Actually, now that I think about it, I’m about the size of Salt Lake.”

	“T-the city, or the lake?” 

	“Yes.” 

	“Denya didn’t doubt that in the slightest. They were literally in the clouds, after all. Hell, if it weren’t for the bear’s towering ass and gut, the poor draolf would have been pelted with powerful, chilling winds at this point! Zane was literally a mountain, too massive to even see the top of from down below! He was his own horizon! 

	“So I’m just gonna safely assume you’re in shock and awe at how fat your bluebear is at this point, right?” Zane stuck his tongue out again, smirking. 

	“Well, yeah, you’re probably rearranging Earth’s tectonic plates beneath your ass as we speak!” The draolf huffed, not from indignation, but from excitement. “But I bet you can’t get any bigger!” 

	“You’re on!” 

	The clouds faded below them almost immediately, the blue sky slowly giving way to the starry ceiling. It was easy to assume that it was suddenly night, but Denya knew better; his lover no longer fit within the Earth’s atmosphere. 

	Surprisingly, it never got any harder to breathe. Even for Zane, who was still burping up quite a storm. The draolf wrinkled his nose. “Why do you keep doing that?” 

	“What, am I *hic* not allowed to?” The bear rolled his purple eyes, the only thing he could move. “It’s a side effect, is all. I’m basically teleporting all of Earth’s junk food into my gullet, then speeding up time in my gut to digest everything. If you were digesting octodecillions of calories in a second every second, chances are you’d get a little gassy too!” 

	“Fine, fine, I’m sorry.” Denya folded his ears. As fat as he was (at least before the rapid growth), Zane hardly belched even during big meals. It was easy to imagine this experience was a little embarrassing for the poor blob, as strange as that sounded, considering he was currently eclipsing the planet in his own lard. “Wait...wouldn’t you have eaten everything on Earth by this point, though?” 

	“Obviously,” Zane hiccuped. “That’s why I’m teleporting food from the hypothetical future; you know, a future where I don’t end up smothering the planet. Food pretty much renews itself constantly on Earth with enough time, after all. Right now, I’m eating food from the year 9,238.”

	“Ah...how is it?” 

	“Terrible. Pineapple on pizza becomes the norm at that point. Fucking hippies,” Zane sighed, another belch escaping his lips. 

	Denya winced. “That’s a shame...you don’t have to keep eating it if you don’t want to.” 

	“Nah, it’s cool. The only condiment in the future is Ranch, at least. But I’ll take a break here to give you a second to get your bearings.” 

	Honestly, the draolf couldn’t even tell Zane had stopped. How could he? The bear practically went on forever at this point, thousands of miles of blubber in every direction. Everything went on forever: that belly, that ass, those cheeks and chins, just neverending rolls of blubber. “So...where’s the Earth? Are you still sitting on it?” 

“Nope, I’m finally floating in space. Feels a lot better, to be honest. Now the only thing weighing me down is me.”

“Nice...but the Earth?” 

“Oh, it’s somewhere against my belly button. Comparatively, it’s, like, the size of a marble.” 

“Cool.” Denya no longer felt the need to gape and gasp at the enormity of his boyfriend. Everything he said sounded believable. It was interesting to think about how the sky on Earth was now just an endless dark blue at this point. That is, if the poor planet wasn’t crushed by Zane’s own gravity at this point. The fat bear is probably pulling the solar system out of alignment as they spoke. A shame the hybrid’s imagination ended there: he couldn’t possibly picture what the floating blob looked like! The best he could think of was a very wobbly venn-diagram on the side: one circle being the belly, the other being the rear. 

“So...can you get bigger?” 

“Maybe...might need a kiss to keep me going, though.” 

“Now you’re just being greedy,” Denya chuckled. He couldn’t quite see the bear’s muzzle anymore, but did see the tip of his neon green nose and gave that a kiss, making the tubby bear rumble. 

“Doesn’t count, we weren’t in bed.” 

“Shut up and get fatter already.” 

“Now look who’s being greedy!” Another rumble. It was safe to assume the big bear was growing yet again, the hybrid lying on his back as he watched. The stars all seemed to fly, along with nebula, solar systems, and entire galaxies! It was a beautiful lightshow, the hybrid’s green eyes lighting up every time a celestial body passed them. He couldn’t see it, but he knew his boyfriend was growing fatter beyond comprehension, beyond anything science could explain. Thousands and thousands, possibly millions, of lightyears across, and still growing by the second. Talk about Major Ursa!

“Hey Zane?” 

“What?” 

“Ever heard of the Doppler effect? Cuz, uh, it’s happening to you.” From the farthest reaches of Denya’s vision, he could see the bear growing slightly bluer, expanding so quickly that lightshift had altered the ursine’s hue entirely! The sheer density of Zane was enough to warp light around him, making the starry sky before them look distorted and wavy, as if put through a strange camera filter. Not that Denya minded; of course. He was safe in Zane’s loving cheek fat. 

“Hey Zane?” 

“Yeah?”

“I forgot. Why are we doing this?” 

“Uh...you were sad about something, right?” 

“Oh, yeah. I was.” Denya laughed. He had forgotten he was fat in all of this. It was still a problem he would have to deal with once he woke up from this crazy dream of course, but for now it didn’t seem like much of a problem at all. Right now, all his stress and worries were light-years away from him, and growing more distant by the second. 

“Hey Zane?”

“What, Denya?” 

“Thank you for always being there for me.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/35103150/