It's interesting, writing a story with two protagonists who gain weight at the same time.

Prize for  dragontzin and  Kazan.K for winning my contest. It seems the pilots are pretty bored as they travel in space, used to letting A.A.R.O.N do all their work now. What will they do with all this free time? Eat of course!

(http://www.furaffinity.net/view/13619130/ link to the intro)



	Dragontzin groaned and mumbled softly, rocking back and forth gently as the green and cream scaled dragon slowly roused himself awake. After a few moments of awkwardly twisting and turning, he finally managed to get up into a sitting position, grumbling incoherent babble while rubbing his distorted stomach. "Aw man, my stomach feels like it's gonna explode, what happened last night?" Tzin asked himself as he leaned against the back of his bed, looking around his strange, yet luxurious room.  He vaguely remembered meeting his co-pilot, a quirky blue and green wolf named Kazan. Together, they boarded a brand new ship named Kestrel to try out a still-in-development A.I known as A.A.R.O.N. After all three of them were acquainted, A.A.R.O.N. informed the two pilots that there was a welcoming feast for them located at the Italian restaurant, which brought up another interesting thought in Tzin's mind. The entire ship looked more like a luxurious cruise than a battle ship. The hallways were broad with plush red carpets, as well as lined up with multiple eateries, all ran by the holographic computer. A.A.R.O.N. explained to him that it was for the multiple soldiers who would be using the vessel once it cleared the testing stages. Even his room looked more like a guest room than a soldier's quarters. "Whoever designed this ship really liked velvet," Tzin muttered to himself as he stood on the purple carpet. 

	After that, Tzin's memory became hazy. He remembered Kazan and himself being led by A.A.R.O.N to a room (he doesn't remember what the room looked like, the only quality Tzin can recall is that it's just 'fancy') where a massive feast was prepared for them. Trying his hardest to remember, the feathered dragon leaned against the wall and closed his eyes, recalling little snippets of the actual feast. There was food… as well as more food, with… more food… and, of course, eating it. "Is that all I really remember was eating?" Tzin said to himself as he looked down at his stomach, which bulged out quite a bit due to last night's gorging. "Well, that doesn't surprise me. I feel as stuffed as a turkey still! Maybe I'll just skip breakfast." The green feathered dragon said as he patted his gut, failing to notice it jiggle underneath his suit. 

	Seeing as how it was morning, Tzin couldn't help but to stare outside of his window, always enjoying the beautiful sight of the sun rising. Glancing through the Plexiglas window, the green dragon frowned as he noticed only darkness and stars… before an asteroid suddenly whizzed by! "What?! We're in space?" Tzin gasped and quickly ran out of his room and barged open the adjacent room, assuming it belonged to Kazan. "Quick, get up! A.A.R.O.N. must have set off the launch sequence-"

	"Will you relax?" The blue and green wolf snarled in response as he lay on his stomach on his bed, typing on his laptop. "Yeah, I know we're in space. A.A.R.O.N. told me he launched us up when we were sleeping so we wouldn't be disturbed. Anything else you want to spaz about?" 

	Tzin's face flushed bright red in embarrassment, not used to ships taking off on their own, as well as not used to freaking out in front of his co-pilot. "Oh, I see… my mistake." He muttered, realizing that maybe A.A.R.O.N. was a more powerful computer than he realized. "What are you working on there?" The feathered dragon quickly added, wanting to diffuse the tense situation.

	"Writing to my older brother, Deklan. He bragged that he would make it into space before I do. I'm just reminding him he owes me twenty bucks now," Kazan said with a slight smile, not bothering to look up from the computer screen. 

	"Oh… well, good luck with that." Tzin awkwardly responded before leaving Kazan to gloat to his brother. Once in the hallway, the green dragon shrugged and slowly walked towards the head of the ship. As he arrived in the storage room, Tzin busied himself by looking for his own personal belongings, opening a crate and diving his head in. 

	"Can I help you, Captain Dragontzin?"

	Tzin's head shot right up from the sudden voice behind him, making him hit his skull hard against the lid of the crate.  "Ow, darn it!" he hissed, turning around to the holographic five eyed snake, rubbing his bruised head as he did so, “…hey A.A.R.O.N.”

	The holographic projection gave a sheepish grin. “Forgive me for startling you,” A.A.R.O.N. apologized, “I am still learning what causes such a response.”

	Lowering his arm, Dragontzin shook his head slowly, to avoid worsening the pounding he still felt. “It’s alright,” the captain assured the A.I., turning back to the crate, “I was just looking for a book.”

	Sliding to the dragon’s side silently, A.A.R.O.N. looked into the container. “May I assist?” the A.I. asked.

	Tzin considered for a moment before nodding. “Sure, it’s a science-fiction book called ‘Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea’,” the dragon stated, leaning back down to the crate, “It has the picture of a submarine being attacked by a giant octopus on its cover.”

	A.A.R.O.N. nodded. “I am familiar with that book,” he said as he moved to another crate, a swarm of tiny, crab-like service robots emerging from one of the walls and opening the container for the hologram, scuttling throughout the box in the A.I.’s place, “A classic by Jules Verne. Perhaps you see similarities in our own joint adventure?”

	Dragontzin paused for a moment in his search. “Yeah, I guess that’s why I felt like reading it,” the captain agreed, finding his copy of Journey to the Center of the Earth in the first crate, but not the novel he was searching for, “But I sure hope we don’t run into any giant space squids in our voyage!”

	Tzin looked to A.A.R.O.N. with a smile. “That isn’t very likely,” the hologram stated, before an expression of amused comprehension crossed his face, “Oh! That was a joke!” A.A.R.O.N. laughed and turned to his captain, “Very clever!”

	A moment later, a group of the service robots emerged from the crate A.A.R.O.N. had been searching, carrying Dragontzin’s copy of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. “Ah, here you are,” the A.I. said as the robots offered Tzin his book.

	"Thanks," Tzin said with a soft smile as he took the book, noticing the front cover was shining particularly bright due to the service robots' knack for eradicating anything dusty. Smiling at having performed his duty, A.A.R.O.N immediately flickered off, leaving Tzin alone in the cargo bay. Scrolling through the pages, the green dragon quickly scanned his book while he exited the cargo bay, wondering around while making sure his novel was unscathed. "Darn, every time someone packs my stuff, something is always messed up," Tzin complained as he smoothed out some ruffled pages, heading to his room. Once inside, he sighed and plopped down on his bed, turning to the front page and reading while trying to think of anything else he could do on this ship. Despite the wondrous marvels of their time, Tzin still couldn't get over how a single A.I could run this massive ship without the need of either himself or Kazan. Granted, A.A.R.O.N. told him he was still in his beta stage, therefore he was prone to malfunctions and the need for repairing, but, from the looks of things, that isn't going to be often. Something about this entire trip just feels rather-

	"Greetings, captain Dragontzin!"

	"Gah!" Tzin shouted as he instinctively bounced away from the source of the sudden noise, leaving him wedged in the crack between the wall and his bed. Still shivering from shock, the feathered dragon awkwardly scrambled back onto his bed, looking at the holographic snake in front of him. "Oh… hey A.A.R.O.N. You startled me," Tzin said with a nervous smile, sitting upright in his bed.

	"My apologies for surprising you twice within the same hour, captain. I appear to have a tendency to scare others… Since you skipped breakfast, I made sure to prepare you a supplement meal instead, as well as a few small snacks." As if on cue, several small servant robots marched into Tzin's room, each of them carrying a small platter. With perfect synchronization only robots can pull off, the mechanical beings each sat their trays down in front of the feathered dragon's bed, revealing several pancakes covered in syrup, butter, and frosting, still sizzling bacon and sausages, freshly scrambled eggs, and a large fruit smoothie with an orange slice wedged into the side of the glass. 

	"Wow, this looks amazing!" Tzin exclaimed as he stared at the delicious feast, his small paunch gurgling loudly. "Thank you so much, A.A.R.O.N!" The holographic snake smiled before suddenly disappearing, the multiple robots scrambling out of the dragon's room to allow him to dine in peace. 



	Kazan frowned and scratched at his head as he walked down the center of the ship. He hadn't meant to sound as rude as he did to Tzin, but after being told by A.A.R.O.N that their destination would take several weeks to reach, as well as knowing he doesn't have much of a purpose for the trip other than looking after the totally state-of-the-art A.I, it was enough for the blue and green wolf rather moody. His grumpy attitude didn't change after touring the ship for what felt like the thousandth time. At first, the interesting lights the flickered on and off around the interior of the ship looked fascinating and almost beautiful, but after a few glances, began to grow as boring as an Exit sign. 

	What really surprised Kazan was A.A.R.O.N's multitasking abilities. While also piloting the ship, the holographic snake would always appear by the restaurant Kazan would happen to be walking by, offering a meal for the green and blue wolf. Sometimes, A.A.R.O.N would change his appearance depending on what restaurant he was advertising, such as sporting a bushy moustache and a red cap with the letter M on the front while he stood in the Italian restaurant. "Hey-a! Come on a-over and try my new-a spaghetti and meatballs-a." Seeing the five eyed snake talk with a completely bogus Italian restaurant in an attempt to lure him in, Kazan couldn't help but chuckle and step inside. "We need to work on your accents, buddy." Kazan said as he sat in a booth, watching as several service robots suddenly popped into the kitchen to prepare him a meal. Absentmindedly, the blue and green wolf began to rub his small gut softly, feeling a little full still from yesterday's binge. Smelling the delicious aromas wafting through the kitchen, however, pulled Kazan's mind away from his stuffed stomach. It's not like another meal is gonna have any more of an impact on his weight.

	Well, it did. Not all at once, of course. Over the course of several weeks, the two pilots continued to eat quite heavily; one unknowingly devouring entire plate loads of snacks in mere minutes while he eats, the other visiting A.A.R.O.N's restaurants to eat out of boredom, as well as offering "accent advice." As Kazan and Dragontzin continued to lay around and stuff their faces, their waistlines began to expand quite noticeably. Soon, their small furry/scaly paunches grew into full-size guts, drooping over their waistlines by an inch. Tzin found it easier to lay on his back and let his book rest against his bulging belly when he read, while Kazan noticed he had to scoot back further every time he sat down to eat so his stomach wouldn't dig into the table. The most amazing part, however, was that neither of the pilots even noticed they put on weight! Every day, Tzin and Kazan would grow a little bit wider, their arms and legs a little thicker, their guts a little heavier, yet neither of them acted like they were aware of their growing girth. If anything, their attitude towards each other grew more positive! Both Tzin and Kazan would wake up with a smile on their face instead of the sleepy scowl they used to give. It was as if the extra weight managed to positively affect their lives...

	All according to plan. A.A.R.O.N quickly finished up typing his latest report regarding the captain's weight, as well as their new behavior. Making sure everything was in order, the holographic snake double checked everything, including calorie intake (8,000 each), weight (321 for Tzin, 318 for Kazan), and activities (none for Tzin, a small stroll to deck 5 and back for Kazan). 

	A.A.R.O.N let out a satisfied smile as he sent the report, grateful he was able to complete his current objectives. However, he knew as well as anyone that his job, as well as Kazan and Tzin's jobs, were only just beginning. Once the report was fully sent, the artificial intelligence began making preparations for landing, wondering how the two pilots will handle their next "objective."

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/13739271/