Phew, finally managed to crank out my part of the trade with  ed_shapeshifter before I started working on the reward for the contest. Ed volunteers at a testing facility for some quick cash, and let's just say he's in for a big surprise~ 



	Ed stared at the building in front of him, swallowing hard as he took in the picture in front of him. Across the street stood a massive 10 story tall foundation made seemingly completely out of glass, the letters "FITX" erected just above the entrance, each letter nearly 4 feet tall. Compared to the smaller, less-imposing structures nearby, the 180 pound rat was bound to feel somewhat intimidated by the sheer size of the FITX building alone. Upon inspecting glass structure further, Ed let out a small shudder, feeling something very… unnatural about the building in front of him. He knew what he was getting himself into, the newspaper article he read earlier didn't cut corners. He was to walk into the building and volunteer for testing. Once inside, he will be led to a small dorm which will serve as a temporary dwelling for three days. As soon as time's up, Ed will be paid handsomely and released without any side effects… hopefully.

	With a mighty gulp, Ed crossed the street and strolled up to the building, waiting for the automatic doors to open before walking in. Once inside, however, the young rat froze in his steps. Considering how threatening and bleak the outside of the facility looked, the lobby looked very… comfortable! The floor tiles were a light tan shade, similar to his own tan fur, with several swirly patterns livening up the ground. The walls and ceiling all complimented each other beautifully, the primary colors blending into secondary colors towards the corners. While Ed wouldn't have chose this particular color scheme, he had to admit it was much better than the dull grey corridors he had pictured earlier. Feeling a small boost of confidence, the young rat strode up towards a desk located near the back of the room, ringing the bell once.

	"I'll be there in a sec, hun!" a voice called out from inside the door across the desk. A small scuffing noise was heard behind the counter before a tigress suddenly popped, surprising the apprehensive rodent. Ed jumped back and squeaked, holding his paws against his chest defensively before relaxing. "Phew, you scared me. I wasn't expecting a…feline to suddenly appear," the small mouse said, his neck fur still sticking up. The tigress just smiled warmly, as if used to other rodents getting spooked by her appearance. "Oh, don't worry, I'm quite used to it. Please, call me Kate." The tigress responded, holding out her paw. Ed looked down at the paw, hesitating for a brief second before grabbing her paw and shaking it firmly. "Nice to meet you, Kate. I'm Ed," The rat responded, feeling more assured of himself. As soon as Ed mentioned his name, Kate's eyes sparkled a bit. "Ah, we've been expecting you, Ed! Please, come with me and we can began the tour." The tigress said softly as she strode to the back door, beckoning to him.

	Ed unconsciously held his paws to his chest as he slowly walked through the long, branching corridors, following Kate as she led him deeper into the large building. "As you can see, it's pretty easy to get lost in here. If you ever need to move from point A to point B, please let us know immediately. Who knows how long you could get lost if you left without a guide!" Kate explained half-heartedly, suddenly taking a sharp left turn through another doorway. "Gotcha," Ed responded as he rounded the corner to catch up to Kate before suddenly stopping in his tracks, a cold wave of fear washing over his heart. From here on out, the cartoonish colored hallway transformed into the grey, bleak nightmare Ed had worried about. From floor to ceiling, the entire path in front of him was a dull grey, making hard to distinguish when the ground and the walls met. Not a single window was present throughout the hallway as well; the only light radiating from grey ceiling fans. 

	Further down the halls, Ed noticed a few of the doors had small windows leading in. Peeking through, he caught glimpses of other rats like him, but with severely different body shapes. Through the first door, Ed noticed an extremely muscular white rat with red eyes. His veins were practically bulging out of his body to the point where Ed swore he could see the blood flow. Due to his outrageous body size, the light brown rat guessed he needed a lot of outside help just to maneuver around. The next room featured a small, black rat with dark eyes. In contrast to the previous rat, he was totally skinny, with not an ounce of muscle or fat clinging to his boney body! It was almost terrifying to see a member of his own species be reduced to skin and bones. The worst part was Ed could even see his chest pulsing in and out from his heart beat! This was getting too weird…

	Before Ed could question where he was heading, Kate stopped abruptly by a vacant door, jingling the keys as she unlocked it. "Ah, here we are, your new home!" The tigress smiled again, this time showing a bit of teeth. Without question, the rat slowly nodded and weakly smiled back as he hesitantly stepped into his new room, looking around. Sure enough, the entire room was completely grey, just like the hallway. Despite the dull color, however, the room look more than commodious for Ed. At the far left end of the living room-sized area, a large king-sized bed laid against the wall, the plush sheets were, you guessed it, grey. While the room was about as bland and boring as a room could be, Ed couldn't help but feel like something was off. One of the walls looked slightly… different. The rat couldn't really describe it, it just looked strange, perhaps transparent? "One last thing!" Kate suddenly exclaimed, breaking Ed from his emersion. "You'll have to wear this to identify yourself as a test subject here." As she spoke, the tigress pulled out a small orange and black spandex suit from her seemingly bottomless purse, handing it to him. Staring at it curiously, he slowly lifted his leg into the first hole of the suit, slowly putting the form fitting, rubbery clothing on him. Out of the corner of his eye, however, the rat noticed a slight shadow move from behind the strange wall! Right when Ed turned around to question it, however, he heard the sound of the door shutting shut and the clinking of keys locking up a metal door. "Well," Ed said to himself as he stared at the strange wall, "At least I'll find out what kind of tests I'll be doing soon… hopefully."

	As if on cue, Ed suddenly heard the sound of machinery grinding the moment those words escaped his lips, causing the surprised rat to squeak in shock. One of the panels alongside the far wall started to slowly drop down, resembling a diving board-sized tray covered with… "Cheese?!" Ed exclaimed as he quickly scampered over to look over his favored food, inhaling the aromas of multiple different variants of the dairy products, including Provolone, Cheddar, Swiss, Parmesan, Babybel, Mozzarella, and Smoked Gouda, just to name a few! Taking back any negative thoughts he had of this establishment, Ed eagerly grabbed a large pawful of the nearest cheese and began to stuff himself silly, his mind going completely numb over the overload of flavor. Paw after paw of the cheesy goodness were crammed down into his greedy maw, his brain focusing only on eating the rare delicacies after walking for what felt like hours. Knowing how rare of an occasion it was to eat such varied cheeses at once, as well as noting the vast quantity of said cheese, Ed started to feed himself even faster, barely giving himself time to breathe. Crumbs began to pile up around his lips and snout, the pieces of cheese seemingly bouncing off the rest of his latex-covered body.

	All too quickly, Ed's massive dairy meal ended as the stuffed rat gobbled up the remaining cheeses, burping loudly as he held his rounded stomach. "Aw man, that was the best *urp* dinner ever! Maybe this place isn't so bad after all." He said to himself as he patted his stuffed belly a few times, hearing a dull thud despite his stomach hiding under a layer of latex. With a yawn, Ed started to slowly shuffle towards his bed, which was looking comfier by the second. "Phew, I shouldn't be this tired. It's only 9 o'clock… I think. It's hard to tell since they don't even give out a wrist watch." Ed mumbled to himself lazily as he dragged himself underneath the warm bed covers, completely unaware of the shadows that moved behind the transparent wall, watching him…


	Ed tossed and turned very little during his sleep, something very unusual considering his normally restless sleeping habits. Whether it's due to the heavy blankets, the warm environment, or the belly full of food, the rat slept completely still, letting his stomach digest that large meal from last night. Very slowly, Ed let his eyes open naturally, the rat slowly looking around his boring grey environment. He yawned again and tried to roll himself back to sleep before a peculiar smell wafted into his nose. Opening his eyes widely, the rat quickly shot up, sitting upright on his bed as he stared at the table-tray in front of him. "No way… more cheese?!" Ed exclaimed as he stared at the dairy-filled meal in front of him. What made the meal in front of him even more surprising was the completely new kinds of cheese, most of which Ed had never seen before. There was even Cheese cake and iced tea as a side! Grinning like a kid in a candy shop, the eager rat quickly leapt over and stood by the tray, ready to take his taste buds on another magical experience.

	As he did last night, Ed shoveled pawfuls of the cheesy paradise into his maw, trying to pump himself as full of the milky goodness as possible. As he chowed down, the greedy rat began to lean forward more in an attempt to scoop everything into his wide jaws. "Oh *munch munch* this is heaven! *urp*" Ed exclaimed as he poured nearly the entire pitcher of tea into his open mouth, letting out a sizable belch afterwards. While Ed continued to devour his meal, he couldn't help but notice the spandex around his midsection began to feel tighter. "Eh, it's probably *hic* because I'm eating *munch scarf!* a lot… maybe *chew chew gulp* I should work out *hic* a bit," the hungry rat thought to himself as he continued his eating spree. Little did he know that his rounded stomach wasn't just wide because of food.

	If Ed had been paying closer attention, he would have noticed fat developing in other places as well. His elastic suit had to stretch to make up for his swelling limbs, his thighs spreading outwards towards each other. His thicker arms jiggled whenever he moved them during his frenzied eating, his chest slowly rising and developing a pair of two soft man boobs. Ed's rear became more defined from under his spandex suit as it grew, his stomach swelling to the size of a basketball. What made this even more amazing to the scientists behind the see-through wall, however, was how the lab rat didn't even notice the extra forty pounds of flab!

	Once finished with his large meal, Ed belched again and patted his small paunch. "Phew, that was quite a feast! I didn't even know I could eat that much. It's a shame it leaves me with such an incredibly bloated feeling… maybe some exercising would help." The stuffed rat thoughtfully thought to himself as he began to stretch, ready to see if moving around more would help digest that grand breakfast. Even with his body getting set for excersize, Ed's mind was somewhere far away, fantasizing about what kinds of cheese will be served to him next…



	"Ok, there's no denying it… I've put on weight."

	Ed groaned as he looked down at himself while laying in bed, shoving his pudgy paws into his bulbous paunch. In only two weeks of eating and sleeping, he went from a pudgy rodent to a rotund lab rat! Weighing well over 700 pounds, Ed couldn't see past his belly when looking down, his feet a distant memory. Groaning in embarrassment, the obese rat continued to push his paws into his squishy belly, feeling his own flabby rolls engulf his hands up to the wrists, and then some. Just as he had stated earlier, Ed had really let himself go, turning himself into a prized pig! It certainly didn't help that the morning breakfast suddenly appeared on the large tray on the other side of the room, heavily burdened with even more cheese. 

	Rocking himself gently, Ed slowly tried to shift his weight off the bed, his large stomach sloshing left and right before hauling it's owner up into a sitting position, his heavy body taking up a fourth of the bed. Grunting gently, the corpulent rat heeeeeeeeaved himself up onto his feet, his unexercised legs quacking and jiggling from being overburdened with holding such a lardaceous body. Panting softly, Ed began his slow waddle towards the tray of cheese, his wider rat tail dragging across the floor lazily. With every step he took, his fattened frame jiggled from side to side, rippling like a water balloon. While he shuffled towards his meal, Ed unconsciously scratched and rubbed at the tight latex suit surrounding his body, the stretched out rubber growing increasingly uncomfortable. At long last, Ed finally managed to reach the cheese tray, quickly grabbing the nearest hunk of cheddar and cramming it into his fattened maw, his chubby cheeks bulging out. As he had done so many times during the last few weeks, the gluttonous rat ate pawful after pawful of the incredibly fattening cheeses, ignoring his natural instinct to try and work off all the extra bulk. His stomach, used to such gorging by now, began to digest and metabolize the dairy into pure lard almost immediately, sending the soft fat across his entire body. 

	Halfway through the meal, Ed's ears perked up as he felt a loud tearing noise, followed by a decrease in pressure around his thighs. Wiggling his legs, the corpulent rodent didn't need to look down to know a huge tear just appeared alongside both of his thick thighs, the orange suit retreating back a bit to reveal even more rat blubber! Almost immediately after, another rip appeared around Ed's stomach, revealing his deep innie belly button. "Aw crap!" Ed thought as he cautiously reached over to poke at the area where the elastic broke, careful to not tear it any further. "Those scientists are gonna have my head for sure if they find out! I really need to lose weight and fast… right after this meal."



	Where did it all go wrong?

	A month had passed since Ed first arrived at the facility and began his new life as an experiment. Due to his impressive weight gain during his first two weeks, Ed immediately tried to excersize and lose most of his extra poundage in fear of damaging his latex suit any further. Due to his incredible weight, however, he soon found that task to be quite difficult. Ed felt his enormous stomach touch the ground when it push up position, making upper body work-outs practically useless. His enormous chest and stomach prohibited almost all movement whenever he tried to do a sit-up, and even when he did manage to pull himself up, he was greeted with a muzzle full of belly. With sit-ups and push-ups out of the question, all that was left was jogging. Due to how often the cheese would appear on the tray, however, Ed found himself getting distracted more often than he'd like. Several times during the middle of a jog, he would stop and waddle to the tray, consuming much more calories than what he lost from exercising. Once full, the lazy rat would crawl back into bed and sleep off his meal, growing even fatter the next day. This cycle had gotten to the point where Ed even gave up on exercising all together, only getting up just to eat the cheese from his tray like a pig eating slop from a trough. 

	"I shouldn't be surprised that it came to this," Ed thought to himself as he laid in bed, now too obese to even get out of bed. His latex suit had split apart several times in the past two weeks, the only parts still covering his globular body being the arms and paws, but even those areas were starting to stretch a little thin. Ed's massive body dominated the bed, his flab spreading out to take up as much space as possible. His stomach rose into the air several feet, blocking not only his feet, but also the entire wall in front of him! His massive moobs would make any female jealous, his four chins hiding his fat neck. Beneath his giant stomach, Ed could feel his massive legs squish against each other, much too fat to move at all. Strange enough, he didn't mind being reduced to a bed-ridden blob; It was not being able to get up and taste that sweet, delectable cheese that really bothered him. 

	Ed moaned sadly as the overwhelming smell of cheese flooded the entire room, alerting the massive rat that his meal lay only a few feet from him. Several times he attempted to rock himself awake, but to no use other than to feel his titanic tummy wobble left and right. "There has to be a way," Ed slowly said to himself, his voice appearing deeper as he lazily pushed and prodded at his blubbery self as if it would help. Without warning, his stomach let out a monstrous roar, capable of even scaring predators! Ed looked down at his tummy in shock, wondering if being this obese was so safe now. Before he could complete that thought, however, a panel on the ceiling opened up, a long hose dropping from above. Squeaking in surprise, Ed watched with shock as the hose fell with deadly accuracy into his maw, latching itself to his fatty muzzle. Once secure, the pump began to pour liquid cheese straight into Ed's maw, the gooey substance flowing into his stomach with little to no effort from his part! Grinning happily, the greedy rat closed his eyes and went back to sleep, knowing for a fact he won't be going hungry for a while.



	"Alright, your testing time is up! You're free to leave now Mr. Ed." 

	Ed's eyes shot wide opened as, for the first time in months, he heard a voice other than his! Curious as to whom this new voice belonged to, the blob of a rat tried turning his head, his neck meeting with heavy resistance due to thick rolls several feet thick. To his left, Ed heard the transparent wall suddenly open up. What was more surprising, however, was the sudden release of pressure on his left side that he didn't even notice before! Ed was a behemoth of fat, his lard-laden body swelling out to cover half the size of the entire room! His ballooning stomach reached out nearly 15 feet into the air, squishing against the ceiling above him. His arms and legs, somewhere hidden underneath all of that flab, had grown wider than a fur's waist. A fat fur's waist at that! His flabby cheeks had swollen quite a bit, covering most of his thick muzzle. All in all, Ed was enormously obese, his body shivering just from the breeze! 

	From further away, Ed could feel another fur climb around on his large stomach, using his folds as foot holds. After a moment, a dark figure made its way into his field of vision, the body resembling a wolf with dragon wings and tail. "Boy, when my team said they were gonna fatten you up, they really meant it," The dragon-wolf said with a guffaw, patting the immobile rodent's head. "Well, like we promised, here's your paycheck." The dragon-wolf reached into his pocket and placed a check of $5,000 in front of Ed's muzzle before climbing away. Looking at the check, the blob rat frowned slightly, a bit disappointed. 

"Aw man, that's not nearly enough to cover lunch!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/13249503/