Phew, finally managed to finish this x.x took a bit longer than I would like.

 dragontzin and  kazan.k crash land on a planet filled with massive blue bears, all of which are quite porky to say the least. One of them offers to shelter them for the night, as well as provide them with addicting delicious fruit. 

I hope you enjoy! ^^



	A.A.R.O.N watched over Tzin and Kazan carefully after their experience at OVR-F3D, curious as to how the dragon and wolf would have changed after their terrifying experience. To the holographic snake's surprise, both captains got along famously now, always seeking each other's company as they waited for the Kestrel to fly them to their destination. Tzin would show Kazan his favorite science fiction books, while the blue and green wolf would demonstrate his video game prowess on his laptop. Not used to computers in general, despite living in an age of technology, Tzin found his character getting trampled multiple times in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 21, making him more inclined to simply watch his friend game. All in all, Tzin and Kazan were slowly becoming great friends, which would have been excellent, save for one small problem: their weight.

	Neither Tzin nor Kazan could be considered chubby anymore; they were now downright fat! Both pilots' guts hung over their waistline almost past their zippers, obstructing their view of their feet. Their cheeks had grown quite puffy after stuffing so much food into them on OVR-F3D, giving them a rather comical appearance. Had it not been for their (XXL) uniforms, no one would have guessed they were pilots testing out a brand new A.I. Their thick thighs brushed heavily against each other with every step they took, forcing their gait wider and wider apart until they practically waddled everywhere. Their bulbous buttocks bobbed about with every step they took, wiggling like a pair giant water balloons. They were fat, and they knew it, which concerns A.A.R.O.N tremendously.

	No matter how far A.A.R.O.N pushed the two pilots, he could never get them to eat more than they needed too. Time and time again, the holographic snake would get turned down on his offers for snacks, the excuse "I appreciate it, but I'm already the size of a baby hippo" burning itself into A.A.R.O.N's data banks. He tried everything to trick the pilots into thinking they were skinnier: lowering the artificial gravity, switching their uniforms for larger ones, complimenting their figure, even widening the doors! Unfortunately, it was all to no avail; Kazan and Tzin finally figured out how fat they really were, slowing down their gain to a crawl. Running out of ideas, A.A.R.O.N quickly scanned the nearest planets, trying to find some that could help give their weight gain a boost… before settling on one.

	"Warning! Warning! Energy cells are critically low! Prepare for emergency landing!" Tzin and Kazan quickly leaped into the air from the sudden sirens and red flashes, Tzin's scaly belly knocking over the deck of cards he was using to teach Kazan how to play Poker with. "Uh? What's going on?!" Kazan asked loudly as he looked around, his double chin jiggling with each shake of the head. 

	Sensing their concerns, A.A.R.O.N appeared before him, the holographic snake's features occasionally getting blurred like a 1950's television. "Please remain calm, sirs. *bzzzzzk* a nearby ion storm has drained most of *bzzzt* the ship's electrical power. Attempting to land on the nearby planet LazEBurr-7 *bzzzzk*" And just like that, A.A.R.O.N suddenly faded away, leaving the two round pilots to look at each other in fear as their ship went down. 

	"Quick, strap yourself in!" Tzin shouted as he flung himself into his chair, fumbling with the seat belt buckle. Unfortunately for him, the seat belt wasn't meant for furs of his girth, the wide leather strip digging painfully into his stomach. Gasping for air due to panicking, the portly dragon tried sucking in his round gut, squishing and pressing his flab as much as possible for the seat belt, but with no gain. Despite their peril, Tzin couldn't help but feel embarrassed at his current situation, reminded yet again at how pudgy he let himself grow. 

	"Crap, I'm too fat to fit!" Tzin heard Kazan shouting from across him, the paunchy wolf desperately trying to strap himself into his chair. Right when he felt he was close, however, Kazan felt the ship breach through the atmosphere. Both pilots immediately felt the Kestrel violently tremble, their flabby bodies constantly rippling like a pond during an earthquake. Kazan and Tzin gripped the edges of their seat nervously as their ship went through a series of horrifying shaking and convulsing before suddenly stopping all together, sending the two fatties sprawling next to each other. "Ooooow… that sucked," Kazan whimpered as he slowly pushed Tzin's flabby tail off of his chest, the injured canine whimpering and rubbing a fresh bump on his head while shakily standing up.

	"Oof, I agree. Let's install larger seat belts when we get the chance," The wounded dragon groaned as he got up with his friend, horrified to discover a few of his feathers had fallen off from his head after the ordeal. 

	"Yeah, and helmets. I can still feel my brains trying to unscramble itself," Kazan said as he tried to crack his back, only succeeding in bunching up his numerous back rolls. "Well, since we're here, we may as well have a look around outside. If we're lucky, this might be an all-girl planet!"

	"Pfft, they wouldn't date you even if you were the only guy," Tzin said with a playful jab as they waddled towards the hanger, taunting each other the entire way. Once there, the tubby dragon quickly typed the code in to open the door, as well as to open the solar panels on the ship to help recharge its batteries. Entering the last few digits, Tzin watched as the door slowly slid opened, staring in shock at the sight in front of him. It was as if someone cloned Earth, stretched everything out eight times larger, and re-colored it! The sky was a faded green, the grass a vibrant red, and the trees had yellow bark and purple leaves.  Nearby the ship, several large, blue hills dotted the landscape, each of them roughly the size of a house. Each of the trees grew as tall as redwoods, producing a massive variety of fruits ranging from the size of watermelons to couches! Wanting to see more of this interesting world, Tzin and Kazan quickly stepped off the ship, their legs suddenly buckling as they fell down to their knees.

	"Gah! W-what's up with the gravity here?" Kazan muttered as he tried to pull himself back up. Nearly every inch of his body felt like it weighed more than twice what it normally was, forcing the overburdened wolf to remain kneeling. Even his flabby arms and stomach sagged a few extra inches lower than normal! 

	"I-I dunno! This planet m-might not have a-artificial gravity, like some of the l-larger planets back home," Tzin gasped as he struggled to try and crawl back to the ship, sweat perspirating along his forehead.  Before he could even so much as turn around, the overweight dragon was met with yet another astonishing sight. The blue, furry hills he noticed earlier slowly moved around on their own, rippling softly as if they were made of water. Four large lumps suddenly appeared on each of hills, moving independently from the main body. Upon closer inspection, however, Tzin discovered those were actually limbs!

	With a collective yet deafening yawn, the giant masses sluggishly stood up from where they were lying, revealing their true forms. For the most part, they resembled oversized blue bears with their short, stout muzzles and a stubby tail. Their pointy ears, however, closely resembled those of a jackal's, sticking up nearly 6 feet in the air. Despite their strange similarities with other Earth animals, however, their most prominent feature was their girth. The large blue bears' bellies bounced with every step they took as if the massive gravity was nothing, jiggling with every movement. Even during this terrifying situation, Kazan couldn't help but compare the rotund ursines to overgrown blueberries. 

	Once finally up and about, the large bears started to shuffle away, ignoring the two chubby foreigners on their planet… save for one. Breaking away from the others, the obese bear quickly ambled his way towards the space ship, grabbing the two pudgy pilots in a paw. Frozen with terror, Kazan and Tzin watched helplessly as they were held right in front of the blue beast's wide open maw… before getting pelted with a loud belch. "Phew, 'scuse me. Had to get that out of my system."

	"O-oh, it's fine. I'm used to getting belched on everyday actually!" Kazan responded with mock enthusiasm, desperately trying to get on the giant bear's good side despite sounding more sarcastic than excited. 

	To his surprise, he was rewarded with deep, booming laughter. "Harr harr harr, you're silly! Where are you two from, if I may ask? My name's Zane, by the way." The tubby ursine said casually as he held his new friends up to eye level to see them better, slowly waddling away from the space ship. 

	Tzin, wide-eyed and panicking at the sight of the Kestrel slowly shrinking in the distance, squirmed heavily in Zane's paw. "W-we're from Earth, mister, and we really should be heading back. We have a big mission and what not."

	Feeling the fatty dragon wiggle like a worm, Zane gently squeezed tighter, mistaking Tzin's discomfort as a sign that he's too loose. "Aw, but why not stay for a while? Today's my day off, and I've always wanted to meet outsides," 

	Tzin grunted as he felt the large bear's paw tighten around him, feeling his potbelly squish uncomfortably against him. "Oof! Well, mister Zane, we'd really love to, but uh, we have to stay by our ship and what not. Gotta make sure nothing attacks it, ya know?"

	"Aw, c'mon Tzin, let's go explore a bit! It's not like the ship's gonna sprout legs and walk away. We're stuck here until it's recharged anyway," Kazan pointed out gleefully, seemingly oblivious to what happened the last time Tzin let a stranger take him away. Before said dragon could remind him, however, both pilots soon found themselves at the outskirts of a small village… well, small being a poor choice of words, considering everything was eight times larger than normal. 

	Massive huts dotted the clearing in front of them, the nearby trees providing a very shady canopy. As shown by the wooden huts, the bears made sure to take full advantage of the nearby trees. All around the edges of the village, large, wooden slides twisted from the tops of the trees down to the ground. Every second, Kazan and Tzin would catch a different fruit rolling down the complex slides before dropping off at the end, several threaded baskets waiting at the end to catch them. Seeing their curious faces, Zane smiled and started to explain how his village gathered food. 

	"Our youngest ones climb the trees to knock the fruit down, since they're the lightest and what not. We have a huge network of different slides set up in the trees to make sure the fruit don't hit the ground with a splat. Instead, they slide down here," Zane pointed with his paws, "to the baskets. Once full, we carry the baskets over there," he pointed towards the middle of the village where several older, heavier blue bears were sitting. "The elders, since they're a bit too old to climb trees or do heavy lifting, organize the fruit into different piles." Holding the two pudgy pilots closer to his maw, Zane giggled and whispered like a mischievous pup. "Truth is, I don't know why we end up sorting the fruit if we end up eating all of it anyways. I think it's just something we came up with to keep the older ones occupied."

	"Oh… that's good, I guess," Kazan said with a forced smile, trying to think of how to respond to that. He didn't need much time, however, as he noticed for the first time how massive some of the fruit piles were. "How come you guys are gathering so much fruit? Wouldn't they spoil in a few days since they're being left outside?"

	"That's the thing!" Zane said with an even wider smirk. "We're getting ready for a long sleep we like to call hibernation. We're bulking up to make sure we sleep through the cold days just fine." To emphasize his point, the large blue bear swayed his hips left to right, shaking his prominent stomach. "We only get one day to take a break, so I wanna show you guys my favorite spot to lay down!" Grabbing the squishy pilots a little tighter, Zane took off at a quick trot through the village, his heavy weight shaking the entire ground.

	"Woah! S-slow down! I'm gonna hurl!" Tzin called out, his face looking greener than usual. Both pilots were forced to endure the violent shaking, noticing several other giant ursines staring at them with mild interest. After a few minutes of aggressive jerking, Tzin and Kazan soon found Zane's favorite spot, and they could see why! The tall grass that grew rampantly near the village was perfectly smoothed down to form a nest of sorts, complete with several leaves tied together to form a comfy forest bed. The thick foliage from the nearby trees gave the bed perfect shade, even during today's bright and sunny day. Right next to the nest was one of the woven baskets from earlier, half full with fruit. Not waiting a second longer, Zane yawned and laid on his back in the nest, setting his new friends on top of his soft blue stomach. 

	Kazan and Tzin felt themselves sinking into Zane's fat belly, the incredible gravity forcing them to lay on their backs, much to the feathered dragon's annoyance. Once they were in place, the rotund bear reached for the basket of fruit, placing a yellow oval fruit on his stomach between the chubby pilots. "Bon appetite," the bear said cheerfully as he fished into the basket besides him, pulling out an item resembling a mix between a pear and a banana. 

	"Oh, we really shouldn't be eating anything here, really. Kazan and I are on a bit of a diet," Tzin said straightforwardly, trying not to stare at the sweet-smelling treat next to him. He felt himself bouncing around on Zane's plump stomach as the giant bear laughed loudly. "Harr harr harr! You, on a diet?! You're practically a twig here, especially compared to the rest of us!"

	"R-really, we shouldn't be eating much, we're already pretty chubby, right Kazan?" Tzin asked, a little shaken from the earlier shaking. To his dismay, Tzin could hear his co-pilot digging into the oversized fruit like there was no tomorrow!

	"Mmm, this is delicious! You've got to try this Tzin, it's better than any dumb fruit we have on earth," Kazan exclaimed in between bites, his face coated with the bright yellow juices, staining his fur. 

	More than just a little curious now, Tzin slowly leaned his head closer to the fruit, examining it further. "Alright, just a bite, but then no more until tomorrow," he said out loud, more to himself than to Zane. Closing his eyes, the rotund reptile took a large bite out of the fruit. Flavor practically exploded inside of his maw as if he had just compressed a hundred lemon meringue pies into a single bite! The taste was so mind-numbingly delicious, Tzin almost forgot he existed! He never would have thought it was possible to get high on flavor like it was a drug.

	"So, how is it?" Zane asked curiously as he finished off his pear-banana hybrid, his blue muzzle a shade greener from the fluids. The fat bear didn't have to ask, however, as Tzin's expression said it all.

	"I think I'll have just one more bite."



	Throughout the day and into the night, the pudgy trio did nothing but eat and rest. To Kazan and Tzin, it was paradise, a never ending feast of the finest treats in the galaxy while laying on the softest bed for light years around: Zane's belly. Despite his earlier hesitations, Tzin quickly warmed up to this new life style. The fruit, the scenery, the noises, the bed, even the intense gravity began to feel rather nice; like a heavy, invisible blanket. Despite the general lack of conversation, Zane greatly enjoyed his new company, smiling whenever he noticed how happy they were stuffing each other. While they ate, the hefty bear would reach down to rub his two bloated friends' stomachs while feeding himself with the other paw. Indeed, it was luxurious… which was why Zane never told them what exactly was in the fruit. 

	As the night wore on, Tzin and Kazan's waist lines slowly grew wider, their flabby stomachs continuously expanding upwards. Their arms, despite exercising them quite a bit by bringing more fruit to their greedy maws, sagged lower with excess flab, jiggling with the smallest movements. Their already chubby cheeks bulged outwards, looking as if they belonged to a gopher rather than a dragon/wolf. Their ass cheeks, once the size of basketballs, quickly perked up to the size of beach balls. Even their moobs began to develop further, the two small orbs of fat perfectly complimenting their already bulbous bellies. Even Zane managed to pack on quite a few pounds despite his larger size, causing the two pilots to sink in further into his growing gut. What made their weight gain truly magical, nonetheless, was their ignorance. Tzin and Kazan managed to put on over 200 pounds of fresh lard respectively, yet neither of them had the faintest clue! Without realizing their sudden weight gain, the two obese friends were free to gorge… and gorge… and gorge…

	Tzin groaned softly as he slowly woke up, not remembering falling asleep in the first place. "Aw man, my stomach *urp* hurts so much…" the obese dragon muttered to himself as he lazily looked around, memories of last night flooding back to him. Food, food, and more food was the first thing to pop into his head, giving his massive aching belly another painful gurgle. Thinking harder, he remembered meeting a new friend… discovering a new species… a nearly-fatal crash… Tzin's eyes popped wide open as he recalled his mission. As hastily as his flabby body could move, he reached over and shook his wide friend back to consciousness, ignoring the extra jiggling in his arm. "Kazan, wake up! We gotta get back to the ship!"

	Kazan scrunched his eyes in his sleep as Tzin continued to prod and shake his orb of a stomach around, sending waves of fat to ripple across his immense size. "Mrrf… five more minutes…"

	"We don't have five minutes, Kaz! We're gonna miss our deadline!" Tzin yelled, waking up the massive blue bear they were sleeping.

	"Hey guys… last night was fun, wasn't it?" Zane said with a loud yawn, leaning back to crack his back but only succeeding in bunching up his innumerable rolls. 

	Hearing his ursine bear finally wake up, Tzin attempted to turn around to look at Zane, only succeeding in rippling both of their plump bodies. "Zane, I'm really sorry about this, but we have to go right now. We have a really strict deadline that we have to meet that could cost us our jobs if we don't get moving now. Could you please take us back to our shi-"

	"What?! We're leaving already?" Kazan called out as he stared at Tzin with a mixture of shock and anger, not wanting to leave behind this amazing new world.

	Zane looked down at his new fat friends like two new toys that were meant for someone other than him. Trying to suppress the sudden rush of tears, the macro bear gently scooped up the pilots and slowly stood up, noticing how must softer they felt in his paws. "Yeah, I understand. You guys live in a different world than ours, one with lots of rules you have to follow." Sniffing a few times, Zane slowly walked through the village, his fattened frame and large frown attracting even more stares than yesterday. "I'll really miss you guys. It gets really boring doing the same routine over and over again. It's nice to meet some new people like you," Zane muttered, a single tear escaping from his wet eyelids, curving along his plump cheeks and sliding towards the tip of his nose before dropping towards the ground. Tzin and Kazan stayed speechless as the large blue bear eventually brought them to their rocket, placing them inside one at a time. Bending down on all fours, Zane poked his blubbery head inside to get one last look at them.

	Feeling the effects of the ship's artificial gravity kick in, Tzin slowly got onto his feed and stretched his limbs, grateful to finally regain his mobility again. He still couldn't help but notice he felt much heavier than normal, even with the artificial gravity. Perhaps it still needs time to warm up. Seeing the sad blue bear's face, both pilots got up and hugged his muzzle, smooshing their globular guts against it. "Aw, don't worry, man. We'll come back as soon as possible!" Kazan said with a big grin on his face,  his chubby cheeks forming two small dimples. "You were a great host. We have to repay you for everything you did for us yesterday someday, it's the least we can do."

	Zane smiled back enthusiastically as he did his best to nuzzle his two companions back, his tiny bear tail wiggling rapidly. "Alright, and when you come back, I'll introduce you to everyone in the village! I'm sure they'd love to meet you!"

	"Sounds like a plan," Tzin said, suddenly remembering their strict time schedule. "Unfortunately, we have to get going now. See you soon!" The pudgy dragon called out as he quickly waddled to the cockpit to turn A.A.R.O.N back on, his massive paunch sloshing from side to side. Sensing their urgency, Zane quickly pulled his head out of the ship's entrance and sat back, waving happily. Within a few minutes, the Kestrel hummed to life, it's exterior lights flashing brightly as the ship started to rise into space, leaving behind only a circular mark on the grass.

	"I'm gonna miss that guy," Kazan sighed as he slumped over in his co-pilot's seat, his wide rear practically engulfing the chair.

	"Yeah, me too. I've never met anyone who would grow so attached to two total strangers," Tzin remarked as steered the ship through the planet's atmosphere, his scaly stomach digging into the control panel despite sitting back as far as his seat would allow. Not wanting to see his friend look so down, Tzin clicked the autopilot switch on and stepped by Kazan with a sheepish grin, scratching his 4 foot wide belly. "Hey, why don't we head downstairs and get some banana smoothies. They're not as good as the fruit Zane had, but it's pretty dang close."

	Kazan smiled and turned to his friend, accidently imbedding his muzzle into Tzin's flabby stomach. "Pffft, with that gut of yours, you'd suck the entire smoothie-maker dry," the corpulent canine said as he stood up, failing to notice his own stomach rivaling Tzin's. And with that, the two obese friends joked and laughed as they made their way to the smoothie snack bar, their memories with Zane still fresh in their minds.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/14471696/