A little giftie for  youcrazyforthis who was feeling a little down lately. Denya decides to join him in a rousing game of Overwatch or five, leading to the very magical and annoyed roommate Gemie casting a little curse on them. And as we all know, a little curse can lead to big consequences! 

As much fun as I had writing this story, I wouldn't say it's one of my bests unfortunately. My excuses will include dealing with a cold and mild headache while writing, but I did manage to make nearly 2.5k words in less than 2 hours, which is probably a new record! I cleaned this story up a bit to fix some strange sentences and typos, but I'm curious if this is the right quality for a commission, or if I still need a bit more work. 

I hope you all enjoy!



	“Are you two still playing Overwatch?” 

	Gemie couldn’t believe what she was seeing. It was a beautiful day outside with hardly a cloud in the sky, and yet for some reason the two canines hadn’t moved from their spot on the couch since the snow leopard had left to get groceries three hours ago. A part of her was astonished that they could focus so hard on a video game for as long as they have, although mostly she was annoyed that her lazy roommate and his good-for-nothing draolf friend had no shame in throwing a lovely afternoon away. “I mean, c'mon guys, It’s barely above 70 degrees outside! Can’t you save the gaming marathons until after we get snowed in next month?” 

	“Pass.” The red wolf sitting closer to the fuming feline barely acknowledged Gemie’s words, although upon seeing the snow leopard’s furious face start to approach in his peripheral vision, quickly decided to change tactics. “I-I mean, yeah, it’s a nice day out, but lately we’ve been on a roll here. We’ve already climbed like two ranks ever since you left, it’s crazy! Right, Denya?”

	“Hmmf.” The dragonwolf hybrid snorted in response, unperturbed by the arrival of the feline. He was completely in the zone, his fingers flying around on his controller with the same grace and dexterity as a master pianist, only instead of producing harmonic music, the black and grey canine was more interested in producing the best results possible. That was made all the more evident as a giant “VICTORY” appeared on the TV screen, the bright yellow words lighting up the otherwise dim room before making way to reveal the stats page. “Hah! 15k healing, JT! I told you I’m an amazing Ana!” 

	“Whatever, the only reason you healed so much was because I was there to peel for you! What’s an amazing Ana without an even better D.va to protect them?” JT smirked in retort, playfully shoving at the draolf’s wing as he pointed at the screen. “9k damage blocked! I betcha that McCree is cursing my name after the third High Noon I stopped!”

	Said draolf chuckled, retracting his wing only to later use it to boop the red canine’s nose. “I’m pretty sure half that healing was on you, dude.” Turning his torso to further tease the skinny lupine, Denya finally noticed the spotted feline sulking behind the couch. “Oh, heya Gemie. Did ya bring me back anything?”

	“No, I did not,” the feline responded, her blunt tone warning Denya to carefully choose his next words. Wisely, Denya chose to instead turn his attention back towards the tv, his tail wrapping nervously around his ankle. Feeling at least a little satisfaction, Gemie chose to test her luck on her roommate next, shifting her attention towards the red and white wolf. “Can’t you at least take a break and help me in the kitchen? There’s a lot of groceries to unpack, and I need help deciding what to make for dinner.” 

	“Nah, I can’t tonight. Denya won’t let me hear the end of it if we back down,” JT gestured towards the draolf, who had already queued them up for another game. “Besides, after one or two more wins we might end up in Masters! We gotta strike while the iron is hot! Oh, speaking of which, I’m totally gonna play torb now.”

	“Gah, dammit! I was about to pick him. Nevermind, I’ll go with Zenyatta then. I betcha I can still rack up more damage than you.”

	“Oh, you’re on!”

	And just like that, the two canines were ready for another match, leaving Gemie to feel like she wasn’t even there anymore. Trembling with rage (or perhaps from enervation; those grocery bags were rather heavy after all), the snow leopard growled and stomped out of the room, her shoulder-length black hair waving behind her. “Uuugh, friggin jerks! Sitting on their lazy asses while I’m spending half the day doing chores!” Gemie threw the bags onto the kitchen counter, wincing a bit as she heard some of the eggs break. Sighing, the leopard held her paw over the bags and waved it counter-clockwise, turning back time on the groceries until they were back to their non-broken state. “The nerve of them, giving me the cold shoulder like that, especially after I offered to make them dinner! You know what? Screw it, let them have fun building up their stats or whatever. Let them get as fat and lazy as they…”

	Oh, that’s right. She could do that.

	Gemie’s look of frustration eventually dissolved, her frown turning upside down into a sadistic grin as she watched the two canines play from the kitchen. Being a magical genie certainly had its perks, as Gemie was about to remind herself.. With a snap of her yellow paws, the Playstation glowed a faint purple, radiating a mystical energy that channeled itself towards Denya and JT. The two gamers might have noticed the shimmering air or some static on their fur if they had any sense of self awareness, but instead they were too busy flaming the other team before the game even started. Anything to win a round of competitive overwatch, right?

	“Alright, boys,” Gemie smiled to herself as she sat at the kitchen counter, conjuring a cup of tea out of thin air for her to sip on. “Let’s see how high you can rack those numbers!”

	Numbers implying more than one statistic, of course. As the attack team came, Denya and JT were quick to defend the objective, dealing blow after devastating blow with their respective virtual weapons. If they were to pause and look at their statistics, the canines would see their damage numbers rising in tandem with each other, although JT was in the lead due to the aid of his portable turret. 

	Which, of course, meant he was gaining more weight. 

	It was rather slow, even for Gemie’s liking, but sure enough, both canines were growing bit by bit as the game progressed, or rather as their stats increased. It couldn’t be too fast, of course, or else they would start noticing too quickly. Instead, the effect was as gradual as can be, the gamers gaining roughly a pound a second. As before, JT was leading when it came to damage, which meant that the effects of Gemie’s spell were more prevalent on him. A sliver of white belly was visible from beneath his shirt after a minute, his washboard middle having rounded out to form a small basketball-sized mound of chub. Even if Gemie couldn’t see their bellies from her position behind the counter (something she regretted immensely), the leopard could still notice lovehandles forming on her roommate, as well as a noticeable groove forming in his back fat. 

	Despite being in second place, Denya was right on JT’s heels in terms of stats, his character able to provide minute amounts of healing to compensate for his lack of damage. And while it’s not technically damage, healing is still a statistic measured in game, which lead to the draolf gaining quite a few pounds as well. His back and shoulders grew more broad, his rear taking up somewhat more space on the couch. Gemie swore she heard Denya’s belt snapping off as well, the leopard surprised that the hybrid didn’t even acknowledge the increasing pressure on his middle. Instead, he lazily reached back to scratch his plump rear once they had defeated the first wave, waiting for the enemy team to respawn. 

	“This is too good,” Gemie murred, tossing popcorn into her maw from a bucket she conjured. Neither of them looked the least bit concerned that they were slowly outgrowing their clothes. In fact, it wasn’t until JT had passed the 300 pound mark that he started talking, and even then it was just to BM the other team some more! It was adorable how oblivious they were to their bellies resting on their lap, growing like two furry balloons, that Gemie almost started to feel bad for them. Almost. “Maybe I should crank it up a notch or two, make it more apparent how tubby they’re getting,” she muttered to herself, raising her fingers to snap again...

	...before quickly lowering them as their Ultimate abilities were ready.

	MOLTEN COOOOORE!

	EXPERIENCE TRANQUILITY!

	Both teams in game had let loose their strongest attacks on each other, flashing lights and loud sounds filling the room. However, it was quite apparent that Denya and JT’s Ultimates were the most influential of the game. JT’s character flung bubbling magma throughout the map, burning anyone who touched it down to the bone, while Denya’s character reached a new state of enlightenment, repairing any and all damage the team suffered throughout the clusterfuck of abilities.

	In non-gamer terms, JT did a ton of damage and Denya healed for just as much.

	In Gemie’s terms, they got fat really quick!

	The canines blimped out before her very eyes, their bodies swelling and widening like two marshmallows in a microwave! The sounds of the battle covered up their shirts and pants ripping off, exposing various rolls and folds of thick, furry blubber. From her perch, Gemie could see the edges of JT’s white belly come into view, spilling over his thighs and visible above his thick shoulders, while Denya’s rear tore through his pants, his own quivering middle wobbling on his lap. She honestly thought for sure that the two boys would notice their monstrous growth, but when they turned to face each other, they only wore excited grins that dimpled their pudgy cheeks. 

	“That was crazy, JT! You must have melted like four of them!”

	“Same to you, Den! That Pharah would have obliterated us if you hadn’t popped your Ult!” 

	And with that, they exchanged high-fives that left their black and red arms wobbling until they were squished against their doughy love handles once again. “It’s not over yet though, we still have another round to go,” Denya reminded, his second chin bouncing as he spoke.

	Yet it didn’t jiggle as much as JT’s, who nodded his fat head in agreement. “Yeah. It’s a good thing these guys suck though. Building our Ults again should be a piece of cake!” 

	A piece a cake it was, a fitting metaphor to use for the two doughballs, Gemie thought to herself. Like JT said, they were able to build up their ultimates and use them again, and again, and again, each time adding hundreds of pounds to their already-incredible girth. The couch groaned beneath their increasing weight, ready to rip apart much like their clothes did. JT didn’t seem to mind that he had to raise his arms high in order to reach around his middle to hold the controller, as did Denya in finding part of his fat rump hanging off the side of the couch. By the time the game ended, the couch was full with two shapeless blobs of black, grey, white, and red, their rolly-polly sides smearing against each other intimately, to the point where Gemie wondered if she would need anti-stick spray to separate them. 

Her concerns were laid to rest, then quickly brought up again when the game finally ended. Denya and JT turned to each other, their flowing chub bouncing and rubbing until they were finally belly to belly, reaching over to give each other a big hug. “Aaaaah, we freaking did it! We’re in masters, boy!” Neither JT nor Denya seemed to question how they couldn’t find purchase on each other, JT grunting and wobbling as his sausage-like arms could barely reach past his moobs, while Denya couldn’t even wrap his doughy wings past his own hips! 

Nonetheless, they held that embrace for a while until Denya waddled back, his bottom-heavy rear bouncing against the back of his tree trunk thighs. “I had a blast, dude, but I should get going. Zane’s gonna literally eat me if I don’t bring him back something to eat.”

“Yeah, I hear you,” JT nodded as much as his thick tire of a neck would allow, his cheeks bouncing off his broad shoulders. “You down for another marathon next week?”

“Hell yeah, man!” Raising his sunken paw to wave, the obese blond hybrid shuffled towards the door, before stopping to wink. “Thanks for inviting me over!” And with that, he was free to squeeeeeze his way out, the sound of loud thumping could be heard for quite some time as Denya ponderously made his way downstairs from the apartment. 

Gemie was speechless, well and truly speechless. She had fattened Denya and JT up to ten times their natural weight, and neither of them seemed to mind! Her jaw hung low as the obese red and white blob of a wolf waddled next to her, grinning sheepishly. “Sorry, that went on a bit longer than I meant to. Overtime is a pain in the ass in that game, but I’m in Masters now so I only have to play, like, once a week to maintain my rank. Then I’m all...is something wrong?”

Yes, something was very wrong! “How..I mean...what…” Gemie couldn’t quite find the words to describe the shock at how blasé her roommate was acting, even though he practically dominated her vision as he stood before her. She tried gesturing towards his gut, and when that wasn’t enough, even squeezed a pawful of the fresh lard. “What...aren’t you...don’t you notice the-”

“Notice what?” JT asked, a wolfish grin spreading across his face as he marched forward with every word, pushing Gemie further and further back. “What do you mean?” stomp. “Are you trying to say,” stomp “that I’ve put on” stomp “a little weight?”

By this point, Gemie was helplessly cornered against the wall, smothered on all sides by an overwhelmingly large blanket of white fluff. Her face ran red, redder than JT’s fur, as she found herself groping and squeezing the wall of blubber before her. “W-what’s going on, really?! Why are you acting like you don’t weigh as much as a truck!” 

The feline was expecting a multitude of answers, a hearty belly laugh not being one of them. “Hah! Earlier I told Denya that you’d get mad and fatten us if we didn’t stop playing, and he said it’d be funny if we pretended not to notice.”

“Oh…” Gemie’s cheeks were almost glowing with suppressed anger, her trembling sending ripples across the canine’s stomach. This entire time they had been toying with her, but at the same time, she couldn’t stay mad at the wolf. In fact, she was trying not to melt under his soft gaze, his rotund cheeks almost pressing into his muzzle, or his chins bunching up against his neck, or even how his eyes looked just a bit squinter than usual due to all that face chub. Obviously, this was the desired outcome for the both of them, something Gemie realized as she gave JT a hug, burying herself into his supple middle. “Denya has an unusual sense of humor, doesn’t he?”

JT chuckled, his gut bouncing the leopard with his laughter. “Yeah, but this time I agree that it was pretty funny. What do you think?” 

“Yeah…I suppose it was...” Gemie cleared her throat. “So, uh, what do we do now that the story is almost over?” 

“I dunno,” JT heaved his massive shoulders, before stepping back. “I’m gonna try going to the bathroom, only to get wedged in about halfway and beg for your help. That’s usually how these fatty scenarios end, right?” Shrugging again, the massive lupine turned to leave, only to blush quite heavily as a hard slap sent his ass rippling.

“And I’ll be right behind you with a good push when you need it! Never forget that, blubberbuns!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/29515470/