A little thingy I did for  tyrexkyuris just to prove I can :p 

Poor Tyrex is lost in a very dense fog, unable to find his way out! Soon, images of food begin to appear in his mind. We know Tyrex will leave the fog a bit 'different' than when he came in...the question is, will Tyrex be aware of such a change~?

Hypnotism and possession is a lot of fun! I usually prefer more relaxed atmospheres, but it was still fun enough to write the entire story in a single sitting XD. Looking back, I wish I had set up a better setting, since this does come off as pretty fetish fuel-y, but considering I haven't really written...anything in the past 2 months, I would say this is a good return to form for me!

Anyways, I hope you all enjoy! Story is 6,500~ words!



	Tyrex was starting to wonder if he would ever get out of this horrible fog. 

	A pang of anxiety shot up the blue dragon’s spine as the sense of isolation kicked in. What was once a light mist was now a dense fog surrounding the marshlands, yet the only indication that he was still in the damp grass were the soft squelching noises beneath his footsteps. Beyond that, he may as well have been in a tropical desert; he could hardly see past his own snout! All he could see was the shifting, rolling waves of damp fog shimmering before him; the faint light-blue glow a strong indicator that this was hardly a naturally occurring phenomenon. 

	No, this fog was produced through magical means, far beyond what even the young mage could fathom! 

	They were in over their heads! All it took to separate the dragon from the rest of his party was the prickly feeling that they were being watched. He had turned his head, tuning out his teammate’s chattering to find the source of it, but alas all he found was more fog. When he turned back, Tyrex was terrified to find himself completely isolated, with no signs his companions were ever there! 

Panicked and terrified, Tyrex only had his memories of his party members to go off of. Kraig, the little kobold who thought he was a dragon, wouldn’t stop quivering and cowering at everything that moved, even before the fog rolled in. Derringer kept strutting around with that smug attitude like he knew exactly what was happening, even if the leopard rogue was as magically illiterate as he was, well, regularly illiterate! Yet the biggest and worst offender of the group was Ging, an overweight caiman who would not shut the hell up about missing breakfast. They had to wake up at the crack of dawn to find the locally dubbed “Cursed Fog,” which meant skipping a morning meal to get a headstart out the door, and man would Ging not shut up about it! Even after Tyrex cast a hex to bind the caiman’s jaw shut, Ging’s stomach continued to grumble and growl, irritating the dragon to no end! 

	They were a ragtag bunch of losers, but they were his losers, damn it! The thought of being separated from his trusty companions was almost too much to bear, the drake’s palms growing sweatier by the moment. He teased and mocked them constantly, but it was always out of a place of love. Even if he pretended he couldn’t stand to be around the gluttonous caiman for much longer; claiming those terrible eating habits might rub off on him, and Tyrex strived to maintain his thin, wiry look. Even as a dragon, he was rather lean, his leather belt fitting loosely around his waist. His dark brown suit was a tad baggy on his slender frame, as were his matching trousers, but Tyrex dressed for style over comfort. Being the only well-dressed member of his party, the dragon did stand out quite a bit from the others, who typically wore whatever was most comfortable. Looking back on it, that was probably the wiser choice; these marshlands were very damp.

	Not even 5 minutes in on his solo expedition and Tyrex was already tempted to scream for help. If worst comes to worst, they were at least reliable meat shields. Ging especially; two Tyrex’s could hide behind that fatso! Alas, the dragon was too scared to even call for help. He couldn’t do this! It was stupid of him to take his eyes off the group for even a second! There was no way he could find the cause of this unnatural fog on his own! And even if he could find the wizard or witch involved, what would he even do? What could he do? 

	“You could always ask me to leave.” 

	“Gaah!’ Whirling around, Tyrex held out his hands in fear, a small fire erupting onto his open palm. “S-S-Show yourself!” He cried out in the most threatening tone he could, holding out the fire. 

	A gentle laughter filled the air around him, as humiliating as it was horrifying the poor dragon. The laugh wasn’t even in a mocking tone, more amused than anything, like someone watching a baby animal stumble around. Tyrex’s breathing became ragged as he held his flaming palm out, searching the mist for the source of the laughter. The palm of his uninflamed hand dampened considerably, yet he clenched his fist regardless. “C-c-come out, now, where I can see you! I-I mean it!” 

	“As you wish.”

	The dragon’s green eyes widened as a section of the mist started to congeal before him, glowing a brighter shade of blue than the surrounding fog. A lumpy torso manifested, followed by a pair of shimmering arms and rippling legs, finishing with a single head that swayed in the breeze. “Is this to your liking?” 

	“I…I don’t know?” Tyrex frowned. It was like looking at a cloud that was vaguely humanoid shaped; a far cry from facing an actual person. 

	Said cloud seemed to think what Tyrex said was quite funny, as it raised a hand to where it’s mouth would be to giggle. “You don’t know what you want?”

	How was he supposed to respond to that? Tyrex wanted many things at this very moment; to run away, to find his friends, to take all the earnings he’d been saving up to finally retire. Despite what the mist had told him earlier, the mage wasn’t so sure it’d be willing to just dissipate on its own, just for his consideration. 

	“I know what you want, Tyrex.”

	The creature stepped forward, and Tyrex stumbled back, brandishing his burning hand. The dragon’s heart pounded; crap, it knew his name! How did it know his name? Was it inside his head? Could it sense his thoughts at this very moment? Trembling in fear, the dragon felt helpless as the mist’s hand raised to mimic Tyrex, the “hand” elongating and stretching out into a thin, flat circle. Was this it’s attack? Was it about to turn into a buzz saw? A blade? A…

	Pizza? 

	“You’re hungry. You want food, Tyrex.”

	The dragon blinked, trying to assess this sudden change in development. Before his eyes, the flat disk on the creature’s arm sliced itself into 8 different wedges, changing color before his eyes. Yellows, browns, even some red, the pizza stood out like a sore thumb against the dark misty background. The colors grew more distinct, he could make out the cheese, the crust, the tomato slices, even basil leaves! It had to be an illusion, Tyrex thought, yet the aroma of a freshly-baked margherita pizza permeated the drake’s nostrils. 

	His stomach chose an appropriate time to growl. He did miss breakfast, after all…

	“Well?” 

The mist stepped closer, yet Tyrex didn’t step away this time, although he did lean back. “What if it’s poisoned?” 

“It’s not.” 

Well, duh. Anyone would claim something that’s poisonous wasn’t so to trick a helpless idiot into eating it! Hell, the mist conjured that thing in midair, with the surrounding magical mist! There was no way that thing wasn’t tampered with! 

The indignity Tyrex felt at having this creature assume he was just another clueless idiot was enough to rouse him back into action. Taking a stance, the dragon’s fire flared up in his hand as he finally found his voice. “I’m not eating that crap, got it? I don’t want pizza, I want you and this stupid fog to just get out of here already! You’ve caused the poor townspeople nearby nothing but trouble since you’ve came; none of the farmers can do a damn thing in this fog, not to mention all the reports of people hallucinating voices in the wind and…” Tyrex blinked. Apparently, those weren’t hallucinations after all. 

“Is this true?” The fog responded in that amused, curious tone, its head tilting to the side. “Interesting. I mean no harm to you, nor the others you’ve mentioned. I’m truly regretful that my presence has had such a negative impact.” 

“So you’ll leave?” The dragon perked up. 

“Alas, I cannot.” The creature sighed, fog escaping out of what Tyrex assumed was its mouth. “I am but a meager spirit, whose existence alone was brought forth by the wishes of others. It is through those wishes that I am made manifest, and with me, my purpose. I exist only to grant the desires of any mortal who shall encounter me. I used to be revered among my kind; to be the source of fear, now. That is new to me.”

Tyrex frowned. “You don’t...sound particularly troubled by this.” 

“Not at all. It’s just...interesting. The last mortal I had encountered was a frightened one, who wished me to leave his desert country of origin. I had assumed a being of mist would be welcomed in a damp and rainy landscape. Am I incorrect with my assertion?” 

“I mean...mist doesn’t normally glow blue.” The dragon scratched at his muzzle. He was not expecting a conversation like this to go down. However, it did help put him at ease, even if just a little, the flame in his palm dwindling slightly. “So if you run on, erh, wishes, can’t I just wish you somewhere else?” 

“You could.” The mist nodded. “However, I cannot grant the same wish twice, and my last wish was for my immediate relocation. It is why I offered you this...pizza, you called it?” It held out the sizzling dish closer. “I sensed you were almost as hungry as you were fearful. Once I granted your request to feed you, you would be free to wish me wherever you please.” 

“I-I mean...I could want to wish for something else!” Tyrex grumbled, the dragon scratching awkwardly at his horns. This mist thing was making him out to be some big glutton or something. He missed one meal, that’s all! 

“You could...I just assumed you’d like to start small, in case you didn’t trust me.”

“Yeah, well, you’re right! I still don’t trust you!” The drake growled. Unfortunately, he realized growling at the misty apparition before him wouldn’t do him much good. He needed this spirit gone if he wanted to collect his reward money, and the thought of completing a quest all on his own knowing his friends were unharmed was almost too good to be true! Besides, maybe a little snack wouldn’t be so bad after all; have the victory feast now, rather than later at the tavern. 

The dragon relented. “Alright. I eat the pizza, then wish you somewhere else, and then we’re done here, right?” 

“Correct.” Tyrex swore he saw the humanoid grin, although he played it to an illusion made from the shimmering mist. He was nervous, after all, but also excited for the bragging rights he would receive. If worse came to worse and this was poison, the mage could shoot a flare into the air with his magic to alert the others, if they were nearby. They weren’t too far from town, a practiced apothecary would easily have a potion on hand for a magical poison!

With a deep sigh, Tyrex reached out and took a slice with his free hand. It was a bit tricky to hold a piece of pizza in a single hand, given his other was still producing its flame, but once he managed to get a good grip on the slice, he brought it up to take a small bite. 

The flame flickered. 

“How is it?” The spirit inquired. 

“It’s alright,” the dragon muttered, taking another small bite. That was a lie; a big, fat, cheesy, delicious lie! It was stupendous!  A work of art, almost unworthy of being consumed in the first place! It took all of his will power not to just ravenously shove the entire slice down his gullet; it was that good! Instead, he took his time nibbling away at the pizza, occasionally pausing to check for any strange adverse side effects. When none came, he took another slice, moving onto slightly larger bites. 

“That’s good to hear.” The fog shimmered. “I have never seen this...pizza before. It’s a very colorful treat.” 

“Huh?” The dragon frowned, gulping his current mouthful. “Then...how did you make it?” 

“I looked through your mind,” it responded in its typical casual demeanour, as if what it said wouldn’t have freaked out the dragon- which it did, Tyrex’s eyes widening. “Do not fear, I promise not to pry through anything personal. I only read what it is you desire, what you enjoy the most.”

Tyrex grunted. “Yeah, well that’s still pretty damn personal, dude.” His second slice down, the dragon took a third, the flame waning slightly from his open palm. “I’m really curious about where you came from, though. I mean, I’ve studied magic nearly all my life, and I’ve never seen anything like this!” 

The creature tittered softly, the fog rippling as if laughing along. “I can imagine not, for I’ve traveled thousands of miles from my previous residence. Tell me, Tyrex, have you heard of Habarga?” 

“Um…” Tyrex gulped nervously. “Yeah, I uh...read about it in a textbook at one point...I think.” 

The spirit nodded its head. “Impressive. You are well-versed, indeed.” 

Tyrex smiled at the compliment, reaching for his fourth slice while the spirit continued. “If you know of Habarga, then you’re aware that the magic there is quite different, as are our Gods. I was brought forth by Ikol, a trickster god who wished to see what happened when the mortals are given a chance for any of their desires to be granted. I lived to serve, in a manner of speaking. I still do.” 

Tyrex nodded along. “So, people got scared of you because you could do anything?” 

“No. People grew scared because they could do anything! My power was sought after for selfish desires, causing turmoil in my wake. I had no desire for such violent outcomes, but in the end I yielded to whoever obtained my vessel.” 

“Vessel?” Tyrex tilted his head? 

The spirit continued. “After a century of warring over myself, a lone wolf had managed to grab my vessel. In a selfless manner I thought mortals were no longer capable of, he wished me away from his country, all while shattering my vessel. It is why I appear to you in this shapeless form.”

“Huh…” Tyrex suppressed a belch as he took another bite. “So, like, normally you’re in a vessel? Is it like a bottle or something?” 

“In some sense, yes.”

“Ah. I hope you can find a new vessel for yourself, or something.” 

“Oh, do not worry. I believe I may have found a new vessel, as it turns out.”

Tyrex wasn’t quite sure what that meant, but he was happy for the fog. The more he ate and listened, the more he found himself warming up to this strange, shimmering spirit. His beating heart slowly returned to its resting point, his tense shoulders loosening up. Yeah, this poor creature just wants to grant wishes, and after it grants Tyrex’s wish of food, it’ll fly away to somewhere else. 

Feeling partially relieved, the dragon reached for another slice...only for his paw to come up empty. 

Blinking, he turned to look at the platter he was eating from, frowning. What was once an entire pizza was now an empty platter, now sign of crumbs or grease remaining! He looked from the platter, to his empty paw, wide-eyed. Something wasn’t right! 

“Is something the matter, Tyrex?”

“Uh…” Tyrex swallowed. “It’s just...I’m still really hungry, is all.” 

The spirit perked up. “So you’d like more food, then?”

“Yeah,” the dragon muttered. He shouldn’t want more food, though; he just ate an entire flipping pizza! Yet, his hunger remained the same; if anything, he was afraid he was even hungrier! 

But the spirit chimed in. “You missed breakfast earlier, correct? It stands to reason you’d be hungrier than usual.” It spoke in its typical monotone voice, yet Tyrex swore he heard the voice inside his head as well as out. Maybe it was his own mind coming up with that line of reasoning as well? Which was to say, it did make sense. 

“Yeah...I guess that does make sense.” The mage agreed reluctantly. 

The fire in his hand shrunk until it was no brighter than a pile of lit match sticks. 

The platter vanished, before manifesting once more, this time with a dozen breakfast pastries on top. Apple turnovers, from the look and smell of them, fresh from the oven and drizzled in frosting. “Well then, Tyrex, why don’t you have some more?” 

“I don’t wanna get fat,” the dragon muttered, even as he reached for more. “I don’t wanna end up looking like Ging, you know. I’m on a strict diet.” 

“Is that right? Well, I don’t think you need to concern yourself with that,” the spirit’s voice oozed like thick honey into the dragon’s head, who found himself entranced with what was being said. “You’re eating breakfast pastries after a whole pizza, yet you still look slender. There’s no need for a diet, Tyrex. You should eat as much as you want, until you’ve had enough.” 

“Until I’ve had enough…” Tyrex repeated. 

“Are you on a diet, Tyrex?”

The dragon shook his head. “Nah, I just eat until I’ve had enough. I don’t look that skinny, unless you’re comparing me to Ging,” Tyrex chuckled. 

And just like that, the fire in Tyrex’s palm fizzled out into nothing, giving the dragon another hand to feed himself with. 

The apple turnovers were delicious, as was to be expected from the spirit! Buttery, flakey crust with a rich jelly baked within it. The icing was, well, icing on the cake! The dragon just couldn’t get enough of it! Sure, there was a feeling that he was eating way more than he normally would, but it’s not like he was on a diet or anything. He typically just ate until he got full, anyways. After the turnovers, he would wish the spirit away! 

He was confident with his plan, yet that nagging feeling just wouldn’t go away, especially when he felt his clothes start to tighten. It wasn’t too noticeable at first, yet he could just subtly feel his middle start to press against his belt, feeling the leather dig into him slightly. That shouldn’t happen, right? Well, that doesn’t normally happen, right? 

“Your garments are quite constrictive on you, Tyrex,” the spirit pointed out as the dragon devoured the last pastry. “Why would you wear clothes so tight?”

That was a good question. Tyrex had to think for a moment. “They, uh, used to fit me right at one point.” 

“And when was that?”

Another good question. Tyrex scratched his muzzle, trying to think of an answer. “I...they used to, I know that.”

	“Do you believe you might have put on some weight, since you’ve first received those clothes?” 

	“Hey!” The dragon scoffed, yet couldn’t help but snicker at the bluntness of that question. “Probably! I mean, I’ve never really portioned myself before. I’ve always just eaten my fill at meals, no questions asked.” With a smirk, Tyrex glanced down to pat at his round middle, feeling it jiggle slightly. How strange; for some reason, he felt conflicted seeing his belly so round, feeling it hang slightly over his belt, pressing into his suit’s buttons. He had no idea why he felt weird; after all, he’d always been a little chubby! He really needed to see a tailor about upsizing his uniform, he had no idea why he had waited so long to do so! But that would come after he wished away the spirit, of course. 

	“Would you like some donuts and milk next, Tyrex?”

	“Oh, don’t mind if I do!” The drake beamed, grabbing a donut in one paw and a glass of milk in the next. Hey, a dragon’s gotta eat, right? He missed breakfast, after all! 

	Tyrex happily scarfed down the delicious baked ring, washing it down with the creamiest milk he’d ever drank in his life. Every time his paw was empty, another donut would reappear; his cup refilling with milk every time he drank from it. No matter how much he ate or drank, the dragon never seemed to fill up. Apparently, he hasn’t had enough, then! He always ate until he had his fill, after all! 

	The spirit watched. “You seem to be enjoying yourself, Tyrex.”

	“I sure doowwaaaaaarp!” The drake chuckled at the sudden belch, patting his round gut. 

	Even the fog shimmered from the belch, the humanoid shape slowly reforming. “”Why do you think that is?” 

	“Because it tastes good?” Tyrex shrugged his shoulders, before wincing. Damn, his shirt was really tight! How did he manage to get anything done in this thing? 

	The spirit shook its head. “I think you enjoy eating, Tyrex. What do you think?”

	The dragon chuckled. “Yeah, I like eating.” 

	“You love eating.”

	“I sure do!” The dragon chomped on his donut, devouring half of it in a single bite. 

	“Are you on a diet, Tyrex?” 

	“Hah!” Tyrex snorted. “Are you kidding me? Of course not! I love eating way too much, dude, can’t you tell?” The dragon gently patted the side of his belly, the button-up straining to contain so much dragon. Diamond-shaped holes appeared between each button, revealing slivers of his sky-blue belly. 

	The fog creature chuckled softly. “I can see you’re quite plump. Is that normal for you?”

	“Of course! I’ve always been plump, silly,” Tyrex chortled. “I still tease Ging for being pretty fat, even though I’m uh...probably just as fat.” 

	The spirit gleaned. “I never noticed your second chin until just now. Nor your chubby cheeks.” 

	Tyrex didn’t even know he had those to begin with, yet a quick cursory rub of his muzzle revealed his face was getting pretty pudgy. Strange, he didn’t remember his head being so fat, but it would make sense, considering the rest of him was. After all, his legs felt practically crammed into his trousers, and his belly was just begging to be released behind his prison of buttons. He took another bite, and-

	*Piiiing!* 

	Gasping in relief, Tyrex moaned in delight as the bottom two buttons flew off his shirt, his belly free to surge forward. Coincidentally, his belt had similar thoughts of freedom and chose to give up, collapsing onto the ground before the dragon. A part of him felt strangely horrified seeing his big blue belly so heavy and round, large enough to be hoisted in both paws. Yet, he mainly felt relieved that he could finally take a full breath again. Seriously, why does he keep wearing clothes that small?! 

	“You’re a fat dragon, Tyrex.” The spirit whispered, yet Tyrex could hear it in his head yet again, louder and clearer than ever before. 

	He nodded. “Yeah, I’m a fat dragon.” 

	“A fat dragon who loves to eat.” 

	The drake beamed. “I love to eat, which is why I’m fat.” 

	“You want to keep eating, right?”

	“Of course. Until I’m full.” 

	“Until you can’t breathe.”

	Tyrex paused. That sounded strange; he had thought he only ate until he was satisfied, not until he was completely stuffed. Yet, it made sense that he would eat more, right? After all, he didn’t get this fat from showing restraint! “Yeah...I eat until I’m on the floor wheezing!” 

	“Would you like more to eat, Tyrex?”

	“Of course!” The dragon slapped his belly, feeling it jostle against his portly frame. “I could keep going all day!” 

	Tyrex was cut off as a slice of apple pie appeared before his muzzle, manifesting straight out of the mist. He wanted to yelp in shock, but the slice flew straight into his muzzle instead. He was startled, sure, but the taste of the pie was enough to calm him down, slowly chewing away before swallowing and opening for more. Hey, he wished to eat, why shouldn’t the spirit feed him instead? 

	As he stood there and ate, he felt something materialize along his middle, glancing down to find the mist congealing itself around him. Gently, it kneaded into his obese body, squeezing and rubbing along his excess chub, almost like being enveloped in a cozy blanket! He let out a slight growl, reveling in the feeling of his blubber being toyed with. Granted, he really didn’t remember there being so much of him in the past, but, well, maybe he put on a few extra recently. He’s a big dragon, after all, what’s a few more pounds to his frame? 

	“Your clothes are torn, Tyrex.” 

	“Oh, so they are.” Indeed, so enraptured he was by the food and massage, he hardly noticed his suit tearing up piece by piece. His sleeves had all but exploded off him, revealing his heavy tubes for forearms, connected to a very brought torso that completely covered up his neck, along with his hanging double chin. His pants went through a similar explosion, turning into confetti around his tree trunk thighs, the cobalt logs pressing against each other halfway down to his knees. Of course, a gentle breeze was confirmation that his rump had exploded out from his pants as well, two perfectly spherical orbs that jutted out from behind, wide enough to rest his sausage-like tail along! 

	Why did he wear tattered clothes today? He wasn’t poor, by any means. 

	“Why are your clothes torn, Tyrex?” 

	The dragon heaved his large shoulders in a shrug. “They’re too small.” 

	“Or you’re too fat.”

	“Whatever,” he snorted, opening up for more food. To-may-to, to-mah-to. 

	Massive slices of cake were brought out before the dragon, who couldn’t be happier! Thick, creamy, fruity, they slid down his throat like butter! Finally, with his clothes finally erupted, he was free to just gorge without any feelings of constraint, or restraint for that matter! 

	“You love to eat, Tyrex.” 

	“I do,” he grunted, muzzle coated in frosting. 

	“It makes you a fat dragon.”

	“Obviously.” He snorted. 

	“You love being a fat dragon.”

	“It’s great being fat,” he grunted. To be so heavy and hefty, covered in soft, squishy rolls was a dream come true! 

	“Do you want to be fatter, Tyrex?” 

	The dragon nodded, jostling his flabby face. 

	“Are you on a diet, Tyrex?” 

	“Yeah!” He grinned. “A diet to get me fatter!” 

	He was still confused why his belly felt bigger every time he touched it, but the dragon hardly cared. He wanted to be bigger, right? If he was growing fatter, then it meant his diet was working! Closing his eyes, the drake relaxed his jaw and just let the cakes fly straight down his gullet. Who cares about anything else right now? He just needed to eat more, and more, and more, and MORE! 

	Alas, all good things must come to an end as the dragon felt a distinct lack of cake entering his muzzle. Blinking open his eyes, he glared at the visage before him. “Hey, what gives?” He growled. When did his voice get so rich? 

	“You’re enormous.” 

	“Yeah, so what?” The dragon huffed. “Food, please!” 

	Yet his demands went unanswered as he felt himself poked and prodded from all directions from invisible hands, huffing. He felt his chub squeezed in areas he couldn’t hope to reach, his blubber blorping and sloshing around. He felt like a piece of jewelry being appraised! All the squeezing and poking did help force out a massive belch from the dragon, who huffed in response. “There, I cleared more space for bwuurp yeah. Can I have some more, now?” 

	“In a moment, dear Tyrex. For now, I wish to commend you. Your decadence and hedonism has produced a figure far beyond what most mortals have ever witnessed before.”

	Tyrex didn’t have a clue what the spirit was talking about. Other people saw his enormous fat ass all the time, right? 

	The fog continued. “You’re body is vast, worthy of inhabitance. Tell me, Tyrex.” The mist drew closer. “Would you do me the honor of becoming my vessel?”

	“Vessel?” The drake asked, before gasping. 

	He remembered! 

	He remembered the conversation regarding the spirit’s vessel. He remembered his friends still somewhere lost within the fog! He remembered leaving them to find the spirit on his own, back when he could still see his feet! Back when he had washboard abs! 

	Horrified, the dragon looked down as far as his puffy neck and chins would allow, gawking at the sight of a half-ton of scaly blubber filling his vision! There was...just so much of him! His stomach alone could fit entire people in it! His arms reached out to rub at as much as he could reach, before realizing those thick shoulders prevented much movement there, either! Damn, even his thighs, as sturdy as they were, struggled to carry his draconic derriere! Every square inch of him was plump and flabby, thick rolls forming at the creases wherever he moved or turned. He didn’t look like an adventurer at all!  He looked like some pathetic blob who did nothing but sat on his couch-filling rump and stuffed his face, day in and day out! 

	And yet...those were the only other memories in his head! Of him draining an entire keg of ale, of getting stuck in doorways, of outweighing entire oxen. He only used his spells to levitate food to his pudgy maw and nothing else. He only ever got up if his butt got cramped, and that was to waddle over to somewhere else with more food. 

	He couldn’t be this fat! No one could be! But he was...He was a very, VERY fat dragon! 

	“Is everything alright, Tyrex?” The spirit asked. 

	“I-I don’t...I don’t…” The drake flustered, still staring down at himself. “I can’t be this fat!” 

	“But you are.” 

	“No!” With a yelp, Tyrex shuffled off, desperate to find someone who would believe he was ever skinny! Yet, he was just so. Damn. Slow! Each step shook and jostled his tremendous body, just lifting his chunky legs against his massive overhanging belly was a colossal effort, in of itself! Not to mention just how heavy his entire body was; ten steps in and he was already gasping for air! 

	It didn’t help that the fog spirit continued to rub around him. He felt invisible fingers sliding along his copious frame, sinking deep into those enormous backfolds, gripping his bulbous love handles, digging into his yogaball rump, squeezing his beanbag belly. Tyrex saw his chubby cheeks in his peripheral vision turn a shade redder as the voice in his head spoke to him, louder than ever. “You’re enormous, Tyrex. You always have been.” 

	“Noooo,” the dragon whimpered breathlessly, already bending over to catch his breath, his hanging belly spreading along the tops of his legs. 

	“You love to eat. You love to grow.”

	“I do not!” 

	“You told me yourself.”

	“B-but-”

	“And you’re still hungry for more.”

	An enormous growl exploded out from Tyrex’s stomach, loud enough to jiggle it on its own! The dragon yelped as he clutched the scaly ball of chub, hearing it grumble loudly. Gods, he was starving, but this was no time to think about food! He had to hurry back, to find a tonic to shrink back down, or at least start his lifelong diet and exercise routine! Yet still, his stomach growled, demanding more pizzas, more pastries, more cakes! 

	The fog closed in on him, surrounding him, suffocating him. He was being squeezed, kneaded, toyed with; he was puddy in the spirit’s grasp! The spirits words permeated into him, not just into his mind, but all throughout his body! “You wished for food, and you shall have it! A lifetime of feasting awaits you, Tyrex! All you must do is submit to me. Become my vessel!” Thoughts of food swarmed his mind, until all he could think about was eating. He wanted to eat, he needed to eat, even if it meant growing even fatter! 

	He wanted to be fatter! 

	The mage shook his head, jostling those fist-sized cheeks. His will power vanishing, he looked up. “Make me your vessel.” 

	A loud cackle filled his ears as the very fog around him whirled to life! Like a mattress sheet, it swarmed into the air, spiraling faster and faster, before suddenly descending upon him. Tyrex did what he did best; he opened his mouth and gulped everything down, feeling the fog funnel down his gullet.

	The spirit was delicious~ 



	“Tyyyyyyyreeeeeex!?!”

	Ging sighed as he heard Kraig cry out yet again. The little kobold’s voice was starting to grow grating on his ears. Yet, he couldn’t fault the little for trying his best to find their missing companion. They were all starting to grow worried about the blue dragon’s fate. 

	Nearly 10 minutes had passed since the fog had lifted, yet there was still no sign of the dragon anywhere in the marshes. Derringer climbed aboard the highest trees in search of their party manner while Kraig used Prestidigitation to conjure up bright light shows in the air, yet Tyrex simply couldn’t be found. Their hope was waning; could their friend have been abducted without a trace? Or worse? 

	Panting from all the screaming, Kraig staggered over to where the caiman stood, huffing. “Why aren’t you looking around, tubby?” 

	“Hey!’ Ging growled. “Tyrex isn’t gonna like it if you steal his fat jokes.” 

	“It wasn’t a joke. I just called you fat, fatty.” 

	“Big talk, coming from a pint-sized dragon wannabe.” 

	“I’ll show you pint-sized, you overgrown-” 

	“Both of you, stop!” 

	Derringer descended from atop the trees, right as the two reptilians were about to go at it. “This isn’t solving anything. If you have energy to bicker, you have energy to look.” 

	“But where can we look?” The kobold whined. “The marshes are huge and thick! There’s no way we can...can…” 

	“Can what?” Ging asked, before pausing in much the same way. He could see the small puddles along the ground rippling on their own. Soon, he could feel the subtle vibrations himself. 

	Something big was coming. 

	“Brace yourselves!” The rotund caiman unslung his crossbow as the others drew their weapons. Heavier and heavier, the shaking grew, Ging clutching his weapon tightly. The thudding grew louder, more ominous. Then, from around the corner, came…

	“TYREX?!” 

	The dragon huffed softly as he slowly stumbled forward, swinging one bloated thigh around the other. “Phew, you guys went far! Took me a sec to catch up, heh,” Tyrex chuckled, before letting out a loud belch, a tuft of smoke escaping from his muzzle. 

	Ging was stunned into silence. Everyone was, except for Tyrex, who tilted his enormous head to the side softly. “What’s wrong?” 

	“Tyrex…” Kraig whimpered in a tiny voice. “What happened to you?!” 

	This wasn’t the same Tyrex! The 6 foot dragon they knew was as skinny as a pole with hardly an ounce of fat on him, but this 8 foot behemoth was nothing but fat! Those enormous arms and legs were wider than most furs’ torsos; with a log of a tail wider than Ging! Of course, everything paled in comparison to that incredible sky-blue belly. Sky being an apt description of said belly. Round and bulbous, it nearly hung to the drake’s knees, almost as large as the rest of him! And there certainly was a lot of that as well, with two massive cheeks that grinded against his poor sausage tail with every lumbering shuffle. 

	Ging thought the size change would have been horrifying enough, yet he was mainly concerned with another interesting change: Tyrex had a light blue aura shimmering off of him, like dry ice evaporating in the sun! 

	Yet, the dragon frowned at the reaction he received, as if everyone else had gone crazy instead. “I got lost. Duh. Don’t walk so fast next time, it took me forever to catch up!” 

	Hearing Tyrex talk made Ging’s heart stop in his throat. The dragon’s voice sounded different as well, as if it were overlapped with someone else’s. In fact, upon closer inspection, the caiman noticed Tyrex’s eyes had changed as well! The scalera remained an emerald green, but the pupils had gone from pitch black to a faint blue glow! 

	“Tyrex, this can’t be you!” Ging cried out, placing a paw along that flabby belly. Sure enough, he met no resistance, even as it squished past his wrist. “Seriously, what happened?!” 

	“I just said, I got lost! You need to get your hearing checked!” The dragon huffed, flicking his jiggly tail in annoyance. 

	“Not that, you dolt! You’re fat! Huge! A literal blob!” 

	The drake snorted. “I’m glad your vision is fine, at least. Yeah, I’ve always been huge, so what?” 

	“N-no you haven’t!” The caiman rubbed his temples. “What happened to ‘a mage always has to be lean and fit?’” 

	“It’s called sarcasm, Ging. C’mon, you’re smarter than that.” The drake snorted, patting his stomach with a resounding BLORP! “Can we head back already? I gotta fill this tank up prompto. That reward money’s gonna buy me a great snack!” 

	Ging couldn’t believe what he was seeing, or what he was hearing! Was Tyrex seriously acting like he’d always been like...This?! He was a freaking landwhale, whose footsteps shook the leaves off of trees! He was massive, enormous, a real blubber ball! 

	Yet...that sounded oddly normal for Tyrex. But it wasn’t normal...was it? 

	Were he more aware, Ging would have noticed a small piece of Tyrex’s aura come into contact with himself, absorbing itself into his scales. The same thing happened to the other party members as well, a brief silence descending upon the group. Ging wanted to comment more on how strangely Tyrex was behaving and looking, but his head felt so oddly cloudy. 

Kraig was the first to snap out of the mini stupor as he clambered onto that overhanging belly, the little kobold grinning despite almost vanishing amidst all that chub. “That’s right, you’re finally gonna retire, huh? Ready to sit your fatass down and stuff yourself stupid for the rest of your life?” 

	Derringer chuckled, the leopard walking around to slide his paw along the drake’s generous hips. “I feel bad for the poor tavern owner; it’s bad enough you shattered the door with your rump last month; I can only imagine how many times he’s gonna have to resize it to fit you in just a week!” 

	Soon, even Ging wound up laughing. “Typical Tubbyrex.” 

	Tubbyrex huffed. “About time you guys came to your senses. Let’s hurry up and get back to town. All that walking has worked up a huge thirst.” 

	Kraig clung to the flabby drake as he shuffled around, his large feet indenting themselves into the dirt. “You gonna finish another keg, big guy?” 

	“Keg?” The drake laughed. “I could go for an entire barrel!” 

	With laughter aplenty, the four party members slowly made their way back to town. The dragon was eager to really dig into the tavern’s delicious meals. Gone were the weird thoughts he used to have about being skinny at one point. All he thought about now was his next course!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/42887487/