Denya was very serious when he said he'll try putting on even more weight to make Arro feel better! Enlisting Rangavar's help, the doughy draolf sets out to grow as big and fat (or maybe even fatter) than Arro. However, he has to do it without the bigger dragon noticing, and just how long can he keep his growing gut a secret? 

Looooots of fatty stuff this chapter :p definitely a good one, I'd say~ 

 Rangavar is co-writer and co-fatty. 8.6k words. I hope you all enjoy~



It was 10:05 AM

Denya checked and double checked before leaving the apartment today. Normally, he and Arro would ride the bus to work, but the draolf had called in sick ahead of time, even going so far as to text Arro that he was feeling under the weather. For all they knew, he was still in bed with a thermometer in his mouth like in those cartoons. 

And not standing right outside Arro’s apartment door. 

With folded ears, the draolf quickly rapped his knuckle on the door. Hopefully Rangavar would be home, too.

It took a minute for the taller dragon to open the door. He was rubbing his eyes like he just woke up. He frowned to see Denya standing there. “Uh. You and Arro have work, right?” He glanced around like Arro might be standing nearby, but he was not, of course. He’d left a few minutes before Denya arrived. Rangavar remembered that now. He’d still been half-asleep at the time.
Rangavar hated mornings.

He stifled a yawn as he beckoned Denya inside, unsure what the hybrid could possibly need from him, and why he wasn’t asking Arro instead.

“Yeah, I, uh...I called in sick.” Denya scritched behind his head awkwardly as he walked in after Rangavar. “I, uh...came cuz I had a favor to ask.” 

He wasn’t sure how to phrase it. “It’s, uh, kind of a weird thing to ask.” Man, he asked for Rangavar’s help a lot. Was the gray dragon ok with it? Well, they had, uh...done plenty of favors for each other on that pull out bed, the sight of which made Denya’s heartbeat rise just from the memory alone. Were they technically boyfriends, too? They had kissed a lot that night. 

He was getting off track. 

Denya cleared his throat. “So, like, Arro… He, erh, doesn’t like being fat, yeah? But being fat doesn’t bother me, and I can’t think of any way I can get him to like...not worry about it. When we last talked about it, he told me it’s because he’s way bigger than me, and that it took him years of bad habits to get there, right? 

“I was wondering…” Denya’s tail curled around his thighs. “Do you think you can help me put on a ton of weight, really quickly, so I can get way fatter than Arro?” 

Rangavar blinked at him. “What?” He wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly. It was morning, after all, which he hated. He still felt half asleep. “You want to… gain? Weight?” If that’s what he’d said, then it was the antithesis to everything Rangavar had heard Arro complain about year after year, and his brain was having trouble processing it.

Or his brain could be having trouble processing because it was morning. Vaugh dammit. 

“Yeah, if that’s alright.” Denya’s ears were splayed flat against his head. Saying it outloud made it sound even weirder, and it was pretty weird to begin with! “It’s like...I don’t know how else to get him to feel less awkward about his weight. The other day, a friend from home came by and kept teasing me about how fat I’d gotten, but Arro said he felt uncomfortable because he was fatter. So, like, if I get fatter, and he saw that I wasn’t bothered by it at all, it might help…?” The more he talked, the worse the idea sounded, yet he really couldn’t think of an alternative. Well, outside of talking Arro into eating healthier and working out, but of the two options, Denya would much rather just get fatter instead. 

Rangavar rubbed the base of his horns as he thought it over. “Uh…” He shook his head like it might wake him up more. Although this request had definitely caught his attention. “So you want me to help you get… fatter?” Repeating it didn’t change its meaning, of course. He paused to think about it. It would be an interesting way to ‘make Arro feel better’. “You know that’s a big deal, right? It’s not the sort of thing you can just undo if you change your mind.” Wait, Rangavar was wondering if he should even be considering this proposal. “It’s, uh, a lot of hard work to deal with.” He knew that latter part from observing Arro as he went about his daily routine of complaining about it. “You’d have to be absolutely sure.”

“Yeah, I getcha. I’d be willing to drop it whenever,” Denya nodded, smiling. He always had trouble sitting still, and so far that hadn’t changed with his weight surpassing a quarter ton. If it became too much, he could just go ask Trin to help get him back in shape, since the roo knew a lot about keeping a well-toned body. Easy. “So, you’re fine with helping me, then?” 

Slowly, Rangavar nodded. “I… I guess.” It was still a bit odd, but it seemed like something Denya was really, really sure about. “I, uh, don’t know how I’d help, though. What would I do? What do you need me for?”

“Oh, uh…” Huh. For a brief second, he wondered why he’d bothered asking the skinniest dragon he knew how to get fatter. The thought alone almost made him chuckle, if only the situation wasn’t so awkward. Man, he must look dumb in front of Rangavar. 

“I didn’t think this through fully, did I?” He laughed awkwardly, scritching behind his ear. “I mean, I was wondering if you knew, like, how Arro got so fat. Is there a certain food he eats a lot of? A certain lifestyle? Activities? I really don’t know how to get really fat. All of this was on accident,” he explained, slapping his suspenders against his pudgy belly. Now that he looked back on it, he had gotten this fat by copying Arro’s food orders, as well as his own bad habits. 

“Um. Yeah.” Rangavar wasn’t sure he should be agreeing to this, but Denya was obviously serious. “Well, he likes pastries and stuff. Our kitchen is packed with those sorts of things. I think there’s like a bajillion boxes of donuts in there even as we speak.” He cast a glance back over his shoulder at the vacant entrance to the kitchen. “Want to come see?” He didn’t really see a reason not to look at the stuff. Or maybe Denya even wanted to begin? Arro went through food quickly enough that nothing would be considered ‘misplaced’.

“Oh, sure!” Denya beamed, his chunky tail wagging as he followed the slim dragon. “Our boss really likes pastries, too. He brings in a ton everyday, but Arro and I end up eating most of them. You think eating even more would help me grow?” 

“I mean… that definitely plays into it.” Surely the hybrid had noticed a correlation between eating and gaining weight, at least at some point during his life. 

Rangavar didn’t have to look around in any cabinets, because there were already a few boxes of donuts set out on the counter. The cabinets were too full for more boxes. They were already full of other boxes.

He picked up one of the packages and shook it a bit to see what was inside through the plastic window. “Powdered donuts okay? If you’re hungry, I don’t see why you couldn’t have a few right now.”

“Oh, thanks!” The draolf picked up one of the donuts, taking a big bite. This was it; he was actually doing this! To think he was given an excuse to pig out on delicious foods, which was already one of his favorite hobbies! The hefty hybrid shifted in place as he ate, struggling to stand still as he thought, which slowly became pacing in a small circle as he picked up a second donut. 

“Uh. Do you want to come sit or something?” Rangavar jabbed a thumb back over his shoulder at the couch. “I mean, sitting around doing nothing causes weight gain too, heh.” If anything, he figured that might actually turn to out be Denya’s greatest challenge. The kid just couldn’t ever sit still.

“Oh, really?” he asked, before mentally shaking himself. Well, duh! He wasn’t this fat back when he played sports everyday! Out of instinct, he picked up the donut box and made his way over, before pausing when he walked by Rangavar. “Is it, uh, ok if I take these over?” 

Rangavar waved him along. “Go for it.” He watched with amusement as the draolf happily plopped on the couch and was already digging in.

They were tasty donuts! Denya had no problems helping himself, the fat hybrid grinning with a donut in each paw. He knew pastries like these weren’t exactly healthy, but he didn’t know if they would be exceptionally fattening or not. Even if they weren’t, he was more than happy to help alleviate his favorite dragons of a few extra donuts if it meant they would be added to his waistline instead of Arro’s. 

All too soon, however, that scrumptious box of donuts vanished into his heavy belly. The draolf was soon left to lick his fingers of the powdered sugar, not wanting to make a mess or waste a single calorie. And with that…

What now? 

The hybrid tapped his foot anxiously, shaking his belly on top of it. He’d never figured out how to sit still properly on his own, unless his focus was taken by something. Sheepishly, he turned to look at Rangavar, his chubby neck rolls bunching up. “So, uh, I think I may need help with the ‘sitting around doing nothing’ part. Like...how do I do that?” 

Rangavar had been busy debating whether or not to tell the draolf about all the crumbs speckled on his muzzle, but snapped back to attention. “Well, Arro sits around and watches TV a lot, and plays video games all the time. Especially the video games. And he also snacks during each.” Rangavar leaned way over to grapple with the remote on the table at the end of the couch. “Here. I could just…” He wondered if it was kind of lame to have Denya eat on his couch as a step towards getting fat, but the alternative would be sending him back to his own apartment to eat on the couch and get fat. “Hey, I hope it’s not weird that, we’re just, doing this here. Like you need supervision to watch TV, haha…” Rangavar caught himself rubbing the base of his horns again. Arro kept making fun of him for doing that. “I mean, you can go home if you want.”

“Oh, it’s not weird at all!” Denya sat upright, smiling. “It’s kinda why I came over, ya know? I feel like I’d need help sitting still long enough to get really fat, and I also just like hanging out with ya!” 

A thought occurred that made the hybrid’s ears fall back down. “Or, uh, would you rather I go back? I’m not bothering you, am I?” He was eating their food, after all. Maybe he shouldn’t have bothered Rangavar about this after all. 

“Oh, not at all,” Rangavar assured him. “I just don’t want you to feel like you have a babysitter, you know?” Well, unless Denya needed help sitting still, which seemed like more and more of a problem the longer they sat. Rangavar turned on the gaming console and handed the hybrid a controller. “How about we try this?”

“Sometimes I feel like I need a sitter,” Denya laughed. The sad truth was, he wasn’t exactly wrong. He happily took the controller from the dragon, wiggling in his seat. “Oh, I haven’t played videogames in so long. I hope you won’t get bored kicking my ass again and again.” 

Rangavar snorted. “Arro’s usually the one kicking my ass. As long as you don’t play against him, I’m sure you’ll do great.”

It didn’t take long for them to be in the swing of things, their characters jumping and flailing wildly in what Rangavar called ‘a load of bullshit’ every time he lost. He and Denya quickly realized, though, that they were more evenly matched than they’d initially thought. They took turns getting their asses thoroughly handed to them, which Rangavar was sort of relieved about, instead of losing Every. Single. Time. Like with Arro.

He stood up and stretched at one point, going to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water, even though Denya declined one. He paused as he passed by the counter again on his way back to the living room. There were more boxes on the counter. He glanced back out at Denya, playing a match by himself on the couch. Then he glanced back at the pastry boxes. Then at Denya. Then at the boxes.

Rangavar went over and grabbed a few. He went to carry them back out, but paused again. Hmm. He leaned under the counter and dredged out some boxes of crackers and a few bags of chips. Maybe those would be easier to eat while gaming.

He returned to the couch and laid everything out on the coffee table before them. It nearly covered the surface area. It looked like quite the feast; if he didn’t already know better, he wouldn’t have guessed it was for just one person. “Alright. How about you do a bit of snacking while gaming?” he suggested. “You can eat a lot of calories without really noticing.”

“Oh, good idea.” Denya reached out for one of the bags of chips, recognizing them as the same kind Arro took to work with him. Eating them made him think about the fat dragon at work alone. Hopefully he was having an easier time without having to deal with Denya. 

With more gaming fuel, they were quickly back into playing, the tubby draolf taking the time between matches to cram whatever was in front of him down his gullet. Soon, the process of reaching for food during the game became natural as well; it was just like working! 

Rangavar was right; he was eating a lot without noticing. The hybrid was having a blast playing with Rangavar, quickly getting into their game. With their skills evenly matched, their bouts all ended up incredibly close, making it a tense and exciting way to spend the time, even if he was sitting on his rump the entire time. 

One game in particular had the two drakes on the edge of their seats! The draolf’s eyes were glued to the flashing screen as he button mashed like crazy, both his and Rangavar’s characters on the verge of defeat. Denya was trying so hard to win, he was even employing an actual strategy into his gameplan! The battle only grew closer and closer as time went on…

But Denya landed the killing blow! 

“YES!” the tubby hybrid cried out, shoving his fist into the air. Unfortunately, that victory was short lived, for as Rangavar was defeated, so too were Denya’s suspenders. His left one in particular flung outwards from the sudden movement, sending more of the pudgy draolf’s belly spilling onto his knees. Denya winced and slowly looked down, noticing how his shirt was also starting to ride up slightly. 

Then, he chuckled. “I guess we’re making good progress, huh?” he joked while unclasping the second strap, letting his belly free. With the big blubbery belly loose, the hybrid noticed it was a bit harder to reach around it for the snacks. That, and the fact that most of the snacks were already deposited into said large belly. He let out a muffled burp; he was getting pretty damn full. “It’s alright if I, uh, keep my suspenders off like this, right?” he asked, rubbing the top of his round belly. “I’m feeling too full to try and squeeze them back on, heh.” 

“Hmm… I’m not sure I’m ready to see what you look like without clothes...” Rangavar couldn’t quite hide his tiny smirk. “You can take them off if you’d like. Seriously. You don’t even have to ask.”

He noticed Denya struggling to reach for the food and handed him another box. This one had little cinnamon buns in it. “You want to go another round?”

“Of the game, or the food?” Denya asked, plopping a little cinnamon bun into his mouth. He wasn’t sure how much more of either he could handle, to be honest, the pudgy hybrid setting the box on his hanging paunch as he leaned back into the couch. “I dunno, man. I’m, uh...I’m getting pretty full.” He had eaten pretty much the majority of the food from the table, his bloated stomach testament to that. And yet, he continued to lazily plop more treats into his muzzle. He was still determined to outgrow Arro. 

“Having trouble reaching, you mean?” Rangavar teased. He’d been watching Denya increasingly struggle as he became more bloated. Moving was probably getting hard. “Here-” The gray dragon grabbed a pastry out of one of the boxes still left and held it in front of Denya’s snout. “If you want to finish it all, I can help.” 

Denya blinked, his snout twitching at the pastry held in front of him. He smiled and opened, taking a bite out of the treat. “Hmm. Thanks, man. I’d really hrrp appreciate it,” the draolf nodded, stifling a burp. With a sigh, Denya allowed himself to settle further into the couch, letting his paws roam along the edge of his bloated belly while opening his muzzle for more. “Does this count as babysitting?” he asked between bites. 

“I don’t know.” Rangavar fed him another pastry. “Do you want me to make airplane noises?” Not that he’d have had to; the hybrid was eagerly snapping up everything dangled in front of him. 

Watching Denya rub his bloated belly for a bit, Rangavar tentatively joined in, digging his fingers into the soft fat. Most of the food had been eaten by now, so he wondered if it would be okay to help with the next step. “How are you feeling?”

“Fat.” He snorted. “Really fat.” With the feeding and belly rubs, how could he not? It was hard to tell how big he actually was by himself; feeling someone else rubbing his middle gave him an easier mental image of his true size. 

He smiled. “But also really good.” Rangavar had experience with belly rubs, hot damn. Being boyfriends with Arro must have taught him just how to do it, because he was kneading perfectly against his bloated stomach. Denya’s tail curled and uncurled at the sensation. It didn’t get much better than this. 

Wait, it actually could. “Just a sec.” The hybrid brought in his arms, before lifting his shirt over his head, exposing his flabby torso to the thinner dragon in all its fluffy glory. Now comfortably shirtless, the hybrid balled up his shirt and hung it over the side of the couch before looking at Rangavar. “Alright. Is it ok if you, uh, keep doing the feeding and belly rubbing? It felt really good.” His chubby cheeks tinged pink at the question.

“I… yeah.” Rangavar couldn’t see why not. He returned his paw to Denya’s sprawling gut. If it helped with the bloating, it meant he got to eat more. Usually Rangavar was kneading bellies for the opposite reason; Arro tended to overeat on accident. 

This was different. He reached for one of the last few boxes. “Alright. Let’s do this.” He pulled out a Twinkie™ and pressed it into the hybrid’s snout. With his other paw he traced the line of Denya’s deep navel and pressed his paw into the soft fur there and the doughy ball of lard beneath. The surface was flabby, but underneath, Denya’s distended stomach was packed taut with food, and the dragon kneaded his fingers into the area.

Denya chuckled softly. “I feel like royalty.” There was a certain joy to be had in having someone else feed him and rub his belly, all without him having to lift a claw. The hybrid had a big goofy grin on his face as he slowly nibbled through Twinkies™ and other pastries, feeling his belly fill up to the limit once more. Maybe it was due to repetition, but getting stuffed stupidly full was starting to get pretty fun.

And that wasn’t to mention those massages! Man, Rangavar must have had magic paws, the slim dragon kneaded and squeezed at just the right areas, helping the draolf’s poor belly relax and digest. Rangavar was amazing; Denya wished he could do more for the gray drake in return. Slowly, he brought his chubby claw up to scritch right in between his friend’s wings. He paused when he saw Rangavar looking at him. “Sorry. I, uh, kinda feel bad that I’m hogging so much attention from you.” 

“Oh, uh, I’m fine.” Fuck, that felt good though. Denya must have seen Arro do it. Rangavar grabbed another Twinkie™ and fed it to the draolf like a treat, some of the filling spilling on his muzzle. He rubbed the draolf’s soft side, which he wasn’t sure would help as much as applying his paws elsewhere, but the doughy love handles were easy for him to push his paws into. They were nearly disappearing into the deep crevices between them. He continued rubbing with one paw while placing another Twinkie™ into Denya’s mouth with the other.

Denya’s wasn’t sure if “I’m fine” meant “you don’t have to rub my back, I’m fine,” or “I’m fine with you rubbing my back.” Rather than doing the sensible thing and asking, the hybrid continued to rub anyway. He liked the feeling of rubbing the thick fur on Rangavar’s wings, it was hard to believe any part of the trim dragon was soft. His eyelids started to feel quite heavy, his chewing slowing down. “Thanks for doing this again, man. I really...really appreciate it,” he muttered, openly his maw slowly for more food. 

Actually, there wasn’t more food. Or, well, there would be if Rangavar got up and went to the kitchen, but with Denya scritching his back, he didn’t want to move. He ended up leaning into the hybrid’s fluffy side. “Do you think you’ve had enough food for now?” He stretched an arm across Denya’s expansive waistline again. Even if he weren’t so bloated, he wasn’t sure he could have gotten his arm all the way across. Even when it sank into the plush surface slightly, he could still feel how full the hybrid was underneath.

“I-I think I’m good,” Denya wheezed. Fuck, he felt like he’d just swallowed a beach ball filled with sand, and Rangavar was about to feed him more? Clearly he went to the right person to fatten him up. “I don’t think I could fit another bite in me. Besides, I…” He yawned again. “I don’t want you to leave, if that’s ok.” Those belly rubs were something else. The draolf’s thick arm wrapped closer around Rangavar’s thin side as he settled back further on the couch, scritching lightly across the dragon’s back. He started sliding a finger into the wing slit in the dragon’s shirt so he could scritch around the base of Rangavar’s wing. Rangavar had such cool wings. He wished his wings were as cool as an actual dragon’s.

“I think I’m...gonna take a nap soon, if that’s alright,” Denya muttered. 

Rangavar shivered at Denya’s light touch. He snuggled in closer. “Can I just sit here if you do?” he asked. He was lying; he felt ready to fall asleep too. Hey, it was his apartment. And Denya had just eaten all his food. He supposed he could clean the mess later, as he leaned deeper into Denya’s side. He could feel the draolf relaxing, too.

“Yeah, of course...I’d like that.” Denya yawned. That food coma was hitting him harder than he’d thought, or maybe he was just too comfy. A mixture of both, perhaps? In any case, he started to shift his bulk so he could lay his head on the armrest to use it as a pillow. Only problem was, Denya was just as wide as the couch while on his back, leaving Rangavar with no space. He was too tired to ask Rangavar if he was ok with lying on top of him, or rather, that was his mental reasoning for not doing so as he held onto the skinny dragon, swinging his thick, chunky legs onto the couch. He looked up at the dragon in his arm. “Comfy?” 

“Yeah,” Rangavar sighed. It was. The extent of how soft Denya felt was even more evident as his entire body sank onto Denya’s flab like a giant pillow. He buried himself deeper into the soft fur, as well as the blubber underneath. He was so warm and comfortable that he soon dozed off to sleep.


Thump. Thump. Thump.

Rangavar lazily pricked an ear at a familiar sound. He spread his fingers, finding soft, endless fur, and realized he was still lying on top of a very bloated, very knocked-out draolf. He could hear the vibrations from outside, but the other half were from the draolf beneath him as he snored.

When Rangavar tried to push himself up, his elbows sank deeply into the doughy body. Rangavar grabbed Denya’s shoulder and tried to wake him up. Shaking it made all of the fat ripple beneath Rangavar, and he wondered if he should just get off the draolf. Right now, he only knew one thing.

Arro was coming.

Denya slowly came to; it was hard not to by having his flabby body shaken around like that. With unfocused eyes, he squinted at the blurry gray dragon in front of him, who looked mildly alarmed for some reason. Could it wait, though? He was still so slee-

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Denya’s eyes widened. Arro was coming. “A-aw, crap!” He braced himself against the couch and pushed himself into a more sitting position, letting Rangavar slide off his pudgy body. How long were they out? The draolf grit his teeth, his head swiveling between the door, the mounds of wrappers on the coffee table, and Rangavar... “W-what do we do? I don’t want him to know I’m trying to get fatter!” 

Waking up pretty quickly with the rush of adrenaline, Rangavar thought fast. “Start throwing out all the junk on the coffee table and I’ll see if I can stall him at the door.” It was the first thing that came to mind. He immediately got up to enact his plan, only sinking briefly into Denya again as he pushed himself to his feet. There was just absolutely nothing solid about the hybrid to push against. “If we get everything thrown out, we can come up with an excuse for why you were here and he’ll never know the real reason.”

Denya blinked. “Oh, good idea!” Man, he wished he thought as quickly as Rangavar. Rolling onto his feet as quickly as he could manage, the hybrid started stacking boxes and bags onto each other. His ears flattened as he heard the keys jingling against the lock outside. He didn’t have time. 

Hefting everything onto his hanging gut to help balance, the doughy draolf quickly waddled back into the kitchen as soon as he heard the door opening, his ears pricking up when the sounds of Rangavar talking followed him. Phew, barely made it. 

But he wasn’t out of the woods yet. The draolf got a sinking feeling in his stomach when he noticed the bundle of trash in his arms was noticeably bigger than their trash can. Without hesitating, he flicked off the lid with his tail before dropping everything in. Picking up the lid, he squeezed it down on the overflowing container. 

It rose up. 

He shoved harder. 

It rose up again. 

Denya’s heart stopped when he swore he heard Arro mention the word “snack,” followed by that familiar thumping of his footsteps. With seconds to spare, the hybrid struck a pose as he leaned his full weight on one arm against the trash can, keeping it shut. Just in time, as he saw Arro walking in. “Heya.” Denya waved, trying to smile casually. “How was work?” 

Rangavar walked in behind Arro, trying not to make it too obvious that he was inspecting the surface of every counter for traces of crumbs.

The significantly larger dragon frowned at the not-at-all suspicious draolf. “Rangavar said you came over because you weren’t feeling great. I’m sorry to hear that.”

“He seems a lot better since I made him that soup.” Rangavar gave Denya a look. “He slept for a while too, which probably helped.”

“Oh, yeah, I did. It was great. The soup and nap, I mean.” The hybrid let out a quick yawn; he was still a little tired from being woken up from his impromptu nap like that. He lifted his arms to stretch, before immediately slamming them black down; the trash can had started lifting. Oops. Smiling awkwardly, Denya stood taller, bringing his feet closer beneath him. “Anyways, I-”

Crinkle

Denya gulped at what sounded like an empty bag of chips crumpling beneath his feet. He must not have noticed one of the bags falling from his arms when he tried stuffing them all into the trash can. “Thanks for having me over, Rangavar!” Denya said loudly, hoping the sound of his voice would cover up the sound of him flicking the bag away with his tail. “We should do this again sometime!” 

Arro frowned at the sound of suspicious crinkling noises that were definitely from Denya, but didn’t ask any questions. What would he ask: ‘Why do you sound crunchy?’ Arro just shook his head. “Uh, I hope you feel better.” He didn’t agree to the ‘doing it again sometime’ comment. He wasn’t sure why Denya was so excited to have been sick all day. He cast Rangavar some side-eye, but the other dragon was distinctly looking away from him. They merely stood aside as the hybrid hurriedly left the kitchen, something crumpled and shiny curled into his tail as he waddled out the door.



Denya’s stomach grumbled as he stepped into the buffet, a toothy grin spreading across his chubby muzzle. He had been looking forward to this outing ever since Rangavar suggested it, even going through the trouble of ordering new suspenders ahead of time; the draolf had gotten used to sitting around shirtless at home, but it was getting harder to find suspenders at his size anymore, at least any that had any interesting patterns or markings. Alas, he had to settle for dull green straps this time, although he still thumped them enthusiastically against his belly as if they were the cool planet or dinosaur themed suspenders of the past. 

He wondered how long it would take before these, too, would wind up too small. 

The doughy draolf beamed at Rangavar as the two dragons followed their waitress to their table. “Heh, this is a lot more exciting than sitting around at my or your place all day, ya know? I can’t wait to try the- yipe!” Denya winced as his blubbery side collided hard with one of the tables, clutching his side. Owch! In all fairness, he hadn’t been out to eat since their incident at Olive Garden, and he had obviously put on more than a few since. 

Rangavar winced along with him. It looked like it hurt. It also looked like the chubby hybrid had more than enough padding to handle it, though; ‘chubby’ wasn’t even the word anymore, and hadn’t been for a long time. Ever since Denya had set out to gain weight, he’d definitely added some more curves to his frame. To his belly, that is. His stomach folded over on itself several times in more rolls, which was visible from the deep creases beneath his shirt. The shirt itself looked a bit strained, the lower area of his furry gut hanging out of the bottom of the ever-tightening fabric. His suspenders were straining for mercy.

He garnered a few stares, none of which surprised the hybrid in the slightest. But, then again, there were quite a few pudgy furs themselves here; Rangavar was easily the thinnest person at the buffet, and it was no surprise why. Everything here looked like a fat fur’s paradise! Fried chicken, wings, steak, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, tator tots, pizzas, dumplings, fried fish, and so, so much more lined the walls. Denya felt 5 pounds heavier just looking at everything! 

Eventually, they made their way to their booth, and right away Denya could see there would be problems. It looked like it would have been a tight fit back when Denya was barely over the five hundred pound mark. Now, he wasn’t so sure he’d fit at all; he was getting pretty chunky. 

	Grabbing his fat belly and holding it against himself, the flabby draolf held his breath and sidled in, wincing as the table already started squeezing against the tub of lard. Soon, his plump rump collided hard with the back of his seat, firmly wedging him in place. Bit by bit, he jiggled his way through, aware that the top of his belly still easily showed through the top of the table, despite most of his gut being squished between his lap and the underside of said table. It was a tough, difficult squeeze in. 

	But, he managed. His flabby tail still hung out to the side of the seat, and he did fill quite a bit of his half of the booth, but he was inside of it. Denya let out a sigh of relief, rubbing the top of his belly where it squished against him. “Getting fat is hard. Honestly, I’m not sure how Arro does it. I feel like it takes more effort getting around at this size than it would be to work out and slim down!” 

“You can quit at any time,” Rangavar reminded him. He knew how hard Arro struggled with being fat. “You’ve been doing, uh, great so far. But you can slow down anytime you want.” It was true, the hybrid was doing a great job. The generous curve of his gut was now pressing up tightly against the edge of the table, and his plump, rounded sides were resting around him, his rolls only interrupted by the hard table edge pinning him in place unless he hauled his large paunch out of the way. 

Rangavar slid easily into his own seat, but then looked towards the buffet. “Do you want to go grab a plate and jump into line? I’m going to get a bit to eat too.”

“Um, I’d love to, but…” Denya’s ears folded, his claws tapping on the table. It wasn’t that he felt like he couldn’t get out on his own, he just didn’t want to feel his stomach slide against it multiple times, considering he would most likely be going for seconds and thirds. And fourths. Oh shit, there’s desserts? Fifths. “Do you, uh, think you could get me a tray while you’re up, please? I mean, I’m supposed to be sitting around anyways to be gaining, right? Just load it up with all the really really high calorie stuff you find.” Oh, he was still dead set on gaining. This was getting interesting; he didn’t think there would be this much of a challenge involved! Now, he had to know if he could make it past Arro’s size. He was doing this for Arro and himself now.

Rangavar nodded and looked over at the buffet line, which was fortunately short right now. He tried to imagine how he’d carry a plate back over large enough to satiate the fattening draolf. He didn’t have a large shelf of a belly to lean it on, but he’d have to make do. He picked up a plate and got to work, swiping piles of food from each tray. He barely paid attention to what he took, only knowing that it had to be a lot, and it had to keep Denya’s attention. Preferably, he would eat it all. It was why they’d come.

Well that, and the absolutely exorbitant grocery bill that Arro had begun finding copies of in the recycling bin the past couple of weeks, much to his confusion. Especially since Arro hadn’t been the one gaining any weight for once.

Here, Denya could eat as much as he wanted. And Rangavar was happy to help, bringing back two overflowing plates of food. They were both for Denya, but he could go back up for his own after the hybrid got started.

He put the plates before him. “Alright. Let’s get started.”

Denya picked up a knife and fork in each paw and licked his lips. He didn’t need to be told twice! 



“Aw, yeah! This place smells dope as hell, bro!” Trin perked up as he and Arro approached the buffet, his thick tail flicking about behind him. It was somewhat apparent the roo hadn’t gone out on many fattening outings like this before, given how wide-eyed and excited he looked, not unlike a certain draolf. There was supposed to be a ton of food in there, right? Awesome, it’d be a perfect post-workout meal, and it’d certainly keep Arro occupied long enough for Denya and Rangavar to do...whatever it is they’re doing. Something about a buffet, right? Well, this city was pretty damn big; that could mean any buffet! Besides, Arro was the one who brought up going to this one in particular, Trin couldn’t just say no to him, right? 

The muscular roo smiled at the tubby dragon, patting the broad shoulders. “For real, though, thanks for giving me another shot. I had a blast working out with ya at the gym. Like, I know I’ve said this a million times before, but you’re hella strong, even for a Tripe! We definitely gotta do this again sometime.” He meant every word he said. Being the only Type 1 at his hometown, it was refreshing to see someone who was at least close to matching his strength. 

“Yeah, it is… dope.” Arro glanced around too. The place smelled amazing. Or ‘dope’. “Do you want a table or a booth? Or do you want to grab some food first?” He looked towards the line, which seemed short right now, thankfully, although it was quickly getting longer. He was eager to grab a plate. “After a workout like that, I’m ready to just dig in.” It was true that going head-to-head with another Type 1 at the gym was refreshing, in a way. Mixing up his workout routine a bit. It was also exhausting, and Arro was ready to eat.

“Same here, brother. I’d say we both earned it.” Trin nodded. Arro seemed a bit more energetic and uplifted than before their workout. Maybe he was finally making headway? It was still hard for the roo to not make comments about the dragon’s weight like he would normally do with Denya, but that’s a work in progress. He was going to prove to himself that he doesn’t need to rely on his strength and looks to make friends. 

While Arro went over towards the roast beef, Trin instead chose to move towards the salad bar. The food here did look tasty, but it looked a little...dense for him. Maybe he’d try a piece of chicken or two, but for now he wanted to warm up with a nice crisp salad. Caesar, specifically. Can never go wrong there. He made his way over, reaching for the tongs and-

He flinched. Trin accidentally grabbed someone’s paw instead. 

	“W-woah, my bad, dude.” The roo stepped back, looking down at the smaller gray dragon. “Didn’t see you down there, man.” 

The smaller dragon, Rangavar, bristled. “I…” He’d been reaching for the salad first, but his annoyance tapered off. Vaugh damn was this guy intimidating. The roo was at least eight feet tall, probably taller. Taller than even Arro… Rangavar pricked his ears in surprise. “Are you…” His eyes scanned the roo up and down. How many tall roos lived in this city? Probably a lot, but probably none quite as tall as this one. “Are you Trin?”

“Oh, yeah, dude!” Trin nodded, grinning. Hey, someone knew about him! A football recruiter, hopefully. He’d been looking to get back into-

The roo’s smile faltered as he noticed the large scar on the side of Rangavar’s face. This small gray dragon looked alarmingly similar to a description Denya gave him a while ago. “Are you Rangavar, bro?” 

“Yeah.” He relaxed a little. “Weren’t you hanging out with Arro? I figured he’d be busy while I brought Denya over here for a little ‘snack’ session,” he laughed nervously. The kangaroo was every bit as buff as his other two friends had described. He wasn’t sure why it mattered to him. He was similar in height to Arro - and definitely no match for him in sheer size. Still, Rangavar felt a bit uneasy. Perhaps it was because Arro had initially described him as ‘rude’, among several other choice words. “I thought he went to the gym with you or something. He’s a Tripe, actually.”

“We did! Dude’s a beast on the deadlift, man. Even with his belly in the way.” Trin chuckled. “But he brought up getting a bite to eat, and apparently this place was pretty close. That’s him in line for the roast beef, actually,” he pointed over to the other side of the room. The pale red dragon was impossible to miss even with a room full of people; he and Trin were the only furs eight feet tall, after all. 

However, it just occurred to him that Rangavar wouldn’t be able to see him due to being of shorter stature. “You wanna lift so you can see him over all these dudes?” he asked, trying to help. That was a nice, unselfish thing to offer, right? 

Rangavar scowled. “I’m all set, thanks,” he said flatly. Suddenly, he could see what Arro meant.

Although, if Arro was here…

Rangavar cast a glance back at Denya, who had obliviously already made it halfway through the second plate. “Oh shit. Arro can’t find out about this.” He turned back to Trin, his hesitation forgotten. “I need to get Denya out of here before Arro sees!” 

“Oh, shit…” It would have been helpful if Trin knew it was this buffet where Denya and Rangavar were going to be. Damn, that’s a problem. The roo couldn’t quite understand why keeping Denya’s gaining a secret was so important to him and Rangavar, but it didn’t matter. This was his chance to be a real bro. He glanced down at Rangavar. “No worries, dude. I’ll keep the big guy busy.” With his tray in paw, Trin strode over to where Arro was in line, quickly thinking up a topic of conversation. It didn’t take long before an idea struck: he had no idea what kind of food he should start with, and Arro clearly looked like he knew his way around a buffet! 


Denya held up an arm to muffle his belch, before sighing blissfully. That certainly helped to clear up some room in his stomach. Enough for him to take another tentative bite of carrot cake. The draolf murred as he bit into the creamy treat, licking his muzzle of crumbs. Buffets were amazing. 

He was struggling to finish off his last dessert tray, however. The hefty hybrid was just so damn full, surrounded by empty platters that were once filled with food. The feeling of being overly stuffed was almost euphoric for him at this point, the draolf’s eyes growing heavy once again. A shame this table had to dig so painfully into his upper gut, otherwise he would love to take a quick cat nap. 

The hybrid’s ears perked up as he noticed Rangavar rapidly approaching him, carrying another tray. Before the dragon could say anything, Denya held up his paw. “I told ya earlier, Rangavar, I’m stuffed. There’s no way I can fit any more into me,” he mumbled, taking another bite of carrot cake. 

Without wasting time, Rangavar simply said, “Arro’s here.” He watched Denya’s face pale slightly. “We have to get you out of here.” It looked as if the hefty hybrid had eaten plenty anyway; he was surrounded by a graveyard of plates. Rangavar suddenly realized that the only one who would leave here disappointed was himself. Even Trin got to eat his stupid salad.

Shaking his head to himself slightly, Rangavar just put out a paw to help Denya up. “I’ll pay. You need to get out of here.”

“Yeah, you’re right.” Denya gulped. Why the hell were they here?! Trin was supposed to be getting Arro to exercise, not fatten him up like Rangavar was to Denya! He’d need to have a chat with the roo later. For now, it was escape time. He took Rangavar’s thin paw into his own chubby paw and let the dragon pull. 

And pull.

And pull...Uh oh. 

Denya’s eyes widened. Letting go of the dragon, he tried bracing himself against the table and pulling himself out, but to no avail. The room between his thighs and the table, as well as the table and himself, was completely filled with belly. He couldn’t move anything below his torso! Instead, the hybrid was forced to look at how his recent bout of gluttony had firmly rooted him in place, his thick folds bunching and folding up around the wooden table. “I-I’m stuck, dude.” 

Rangavar watched with growing alarm. “Oh shit,” he breathed. He glanced around, but fortunately, no one nearby had seemed to notice. Casting a glance back over his shoulder, he could also see that Arro was adequately distracted by talking about food or whatever with Trin. Finally, Trin was being useful for something after all. Hopefully he wasn’t making fun of the large dragon.

Rangavar turned back to their current problem and surveyed the situation. “Alright, uh…” He rubbed the base of his horns as he thought. He had to come up with something. It was harder when he was under pressure. “Can you suck in a little?”

“I am sucking it in.” Denya pouted. He tried grabbing at his belly and pushing it out from beneath the table, but it was no use if his butt was firmly planted on his seat. He really was stuck firmly in place. For a second, he was even considering ripping off part of the table, but Arro wouldn’t need his Type 3 mutation to hear that! This situation was looking more and more doomed by the second…


“Yeah yeah, I getcha. Fried chicken does have better texture than grilled.” Trin nodded along. Hopefully, he didn’t look as bored as he felt. He had hoped talking about food would be something the two had in common, since the roo needed to eat a lot to maintain his figure; however, the two just simply had two completely different tastes in food. Trin didn’t just avoid greasy, starchy, fatty foods to make sure he kept his trim body, he just found it disgusting! But, he smiled and nodded with Arro. While, admittedly, looking around to see if something more interesting would take his attention. 

Lo and behold, he found it fairly quickly. 

Rangavar was trying desperately to tug Denya out from the booth, the fatty looking completely wedged! Oh, what a fucking sight! He was sooooo gonna rip on Denya after this. To think the little tub of lard was actually trying to get even fatter! Well, whatever. Who was he to judge others’ weird fetishes…

Wait, Denya was stuck! And Arro would notice him soon with his Type 3 mutation! Shit, this was bad. 

“Uh, hey!” Trin interjected, standing right up. “I, uh, really gotta use the bathroom. Want me to refill your tray while I’m up?” 

“Uh… Okay. Thanks.” It was a weirdly nice gesture. Arro was relieved, though. Hauling himself in and out of his seat was a bit difficult, especially since he had the chair as close to the table as possible so as not to disturb everyone else around them by taking up all of the aisle space. He was a bit cramped between the table and chair, even though he was used to dealing with this sort of thing.

“No problem, bro!” Trin smiled as he sauntered off, glancing over his shoulder again and again to make sure he wasn’t being watched. 

Then he approached the dragon duo and grinned. “I’m surprised you didn’t try eating the table yet, tubbs!”

“Not now, Trin,” Denya grunted, still fruitlessly trying to squeeze himself out. 

The roo snickered. “Your belly’s getting big enough to be a table of itself. All you need is a chair, er, chairs.” 

“Vaugh dammit, Trin, hurry and get me out!” the draolf hissed. No wonder he got off on such a bad foot with Arro! 

The roo sighed. “Alright, alright. It’s gonna hurt, though. You ready?” 

Denya nodded, and prepared for the worst. The roo crouched down, wrapping one arm around as much of the draolf’s flabby belly as he could reach, the other grabbing Denya’s tail. In one sharp tug, he managed to shove Denya several inches closer to the edge, part of his belly spilling out, a deep indent imprinted where the table was digging into it. “Phew, you’re wedged in there tight, tubbs.” 

“Trin!” 

“Right, right.” 

Denya grit his teeth as another tug got him halfway out, finally able to move his left leg. Fucking fuck fuck, that hurt! He was certain this was leaving bright pink marks on his belly and back. He actually needed to suppress a yelp (and a burp) once half of him was free, thanks to the sudden pressure change around his stomach. Why did being fat have to be so hard? 

The last shove was enough to finally pry Denya free. The tubby hybrid stumbled out, caught by the roo’s powerful arms. Denya panted and sighed. No more booths. Never again. “T-thanks, Trin.” Free at last, he turned tail and waddled towards the exit, making double sure not to bump into any tables on the way out this time. 

Rangavar let out a relieved sigh as he followed him out, although the anxiety didn’t truly end until after they’d gotten out the door unseen. It had come way too close.

Inside, Arro was sitting at the table with an empty plate, wondering where the fuck his food was. He felt like Trin was constantly mocking him. 

Only when they were outside did Denya finally let loose a sigh of relief. Then a snort, followed by a giggle. “That was pretty exciting, huh?” The draolf nudged the other dragon, his chubby cheeks dimpled as he smirked. “Definitely beats sitting on the couch all day, doesn’t it? Although I don’t think I’ll mind having a few more easy days on the couch now, haha.” 

Rangavar sighed and rubbed his temples. “Yeah, exciting for YOU.” That had been really close. Too close. They’d have to be more careful in the future not to run into Arro during one of Denya’s binge sessions again. Not if they wanted his gaining journey to remain a secret from the fat dragon. As long as they kept the situation under control, Denya would have no trouble gaining. And gaining. And gaining…

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/40695660/