"Hurf...I'm stuffed," Denya groaned, weakly pawing at his bloated stomach. Once so soft and flabby, the stuffed mass of fur and fat now bulged forward an extra inch or foot, packed to the brim with a culmination of fattening foods, all of which would surely deposit itself around the tubby draolf after a good nap, leaving him even wider than before. "I don't *hic* think I can eat another bite."

Denya grunted as he felt the mattress he was laying on wobble and shape, followed swiftly by an enormous roaring belch right above him that could have been mistaken for the sound of a Saturn V rocket blasting off. "*URRAAP!* Heh, you and me both, Denya."

Giggling from the outlandish display of gluttony, the hybrid leaned back against his boyfriend's moob and smiled at the towering blob of blue and black, somehow finding the bear's bright green nose buried between two car-sized cheeks. He couldn't help smiling at that adorable, handsome face, his flabby tail thumping against the ursa's hefty chest as he nuzzled himself deeper into his big blue waterbed. "I think all this macro food is making me bigger, bluebear. Last time I measured myself I was two feet taller than when I remembered!"

"Is that a fact?" Zane beamed, bunching up his thick neck folds in order to get a better view of his lover. "So can my big, strong, almost-macro help his poor defenseless bluebear and do him a small, itty bitty favor?" 

Denya tilted his head. "A favor? What could it-" but just as those words slipped out of his mouth, the draolf's eyes went wide with fear. Right away, he tried forcing himself to roll off the macro's moob, even if it meant falling down several stories, only to feel himself thrown right back onto his boyfriend bed by a black paw bigger than his entire rotund body, smothering him against the bear's untold layers of blubber. "G-get off me! I, uh, I need to go to sleep!"

"It's 5 in the afternoon, and it's reaaaaaally itchy!" The bearcario whined, his chubby ears drooping against his tire of neck fat. 



This is how much I wrote before a sudden powerout came by. So for fear of losing even more progress I'm just gonna leave it as is.

Commission from  kozo_hippo Featuring the handsome  bear.net and a continuation of this http://www.furaffinity.net/view/23301350/

Btw the Saturn V thing is an inside joke between us >.>

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/28571488/