"That's all? Pathetic," Shinden chuckled as he slowly raised his massive tail, blood dripping from one of his ruby-red spikes onto Denya's open wound. "Two think that within five minutes, I gave you a big hole in your chest and the only damage you did to me is a bruised cheek. I have no idea how you managed to destroy the original Hybrid by yourself. It's hard to imagine anyone weaker than you!"

With a hearty chuckle, Shinden quickly slammed his tail down, feeling it smash into the earth. Eyes wide in shock, the portly dragon quickly turned around to find his spikes embedded in the crater, with no Denya in sight. "What the-"

"Looking for someone?" 

Shinden gasped from the new voice and quickly turned around, his jaw dropping to the ground. Standing in front of him was an incredibly lithe hyena wearing the same attire as Denya, except with golden gauntlets strapped to ankles, instead of the wrists like where they were intended for. Denya lay slumped in the hyena's muscular arm, blood trickling out of the wound in his chest. "It's not nice to pick on your own species, tubby. You two are the only Hybrids left, after all."

Regaining his composure, Shinden chuckled and straightened up, folding his beefy arms over his chest. "I was wondering when you'd show up, Sakar... Or are you even Sakar? It's hard to tell, you hyenas all look alike."

Despite his confident smile, Sakar couldn't help but grit his teeth at the recent jab. "I'd rather look just like a million other Animans than become a monster like yourself."

"A monster?" Shinden chuckled as he took a step closer, a murderous glint in his eyes. Smiling wide, the massive hybrid spread his arms and wings out, revealing his imposing figure. "I worked hard to give myself this body, and you call it monstrous? This form is MUCH more powerful than a regular wolf's body."

 Grabbing a nearby tree trunk with both arms, Shinden crouched over and grunted. Soon, a slight tearing sound could be heard, followed by the ground around the tree beginning to crack. Sakar watched in shock as Shinden completely uprooted the tree, holding the trunk above his with two arms. Still grinning, the mighty hybrid tossed it behind him casually as if it were a pile of books, the tree shaking the ground once it collided with it. "Wouldn't you love to become a Hybrid? I know for a fact you hate looking just like any other lowly hyena"

Not breaking eye contact with the terrifying hybrid, Sakar carefully laid Denya on the ground, the grass near him turning red from blood. "Right, like I'd grow a pair of wings and gain 400 pounds just to look 'different.' I've already decided a long time ago that I'm gonna set myself apart from the other Hyenas through my actions, not my looks! I'm not some weak coward who destroys his own body just to become powerful."

"Is that so?" Shinden asked as he drew is psiblade, waving it around menacingly. "Well, all I can say is this: don't worry about destroying your own body, because I'm about to do it for you!" With a mighty yell, Shinden leaped towards the cocky hyena, his blade aiming straight for him. Instead of striking flesh, the dragon's sword struck air instead. 

"What the-" was all Shinden could say before a foot suddenly came crashing into his cheek, right where Denya had previously hit before. Staggering onto his right foot, the dragon slashed at the hyena, but it was too late: he was no where to be seen. All around him, Shinden heard the noise of Sakar dashing around, the sound of compressed air suddenly expanding bombarding the hybrid's sensative ears. Suddenly, the hyena dove straight for Shinden, sinking his leg deep into the dragon's squishy stomach.

"Oof!" Shinden gasped as he fell to on knee, gasping for breath after that last attack. Looking up, the hybrid had just enough time to see a furry foot kick his snout in hard, blood spewing from his nostrils as he fell onto his back with a loud thud. 

Landing on Shinden's bulging belly, Sakar grinned as he looked down at the dazzed dragon. "I'm not the same hyena I was last year, tubby. I've learned a thing or two. See these things?" He asked, pointing to the gauntlets on his ankles. "I can produce a shock wave from the sole of my feet at will, propelling me forward. I can even use them to make my kicks swing much faster. You have no chance ag-" without warning, Sakar bounced off of Shinden's soft belly right as the dragon's large tail came crashing down.

"Phew, that was a close one," Sakar muttered as he let lose several shock waves from his feet, propelling him in the air around Shinden. Seeing the lumbering dragon slowly heave himself up, the speedy hyena quickly changed direction midair and dashed for Shinden. And in one powerful blow...

Sakar coughed up blood as he suddenly found himself laying on the grass, cracks forming on the ground around him. A giant imprint of a fist was left on his abbs, belonging to a certain dragon. Looking up, Sakar's eyes widened as he got a good look of Shinden's face, his bruised cheeks red with rage as he looked down at the floored hyena. "Did you honestly think your flimsy kicks were enough to defeat me?!" he roared as he raised his foot above the hyena's head and slammed down.

With barely enough time to think, Sakar quickly produced a shock wave by his feet, propelling him backwards just in time to dodge Shinden's stomp. Tumbling on the grass, the damaged hyena yelped as his cracked ribcage bounced against the ground painfully, sending several jolts of pain throughout his body. Panting for breath, Sakar shakily drew himself onto his feet, his chest throbbing as he looked up just in time to see the dragon leap for him.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/16986390/