It's kind of sad that it takes me months to write a story for someone else, yet two days to write a story for me x_x

Remember "The Weight of Your Errors?" Turns out, everything in that story was just a dream fabricated by  strowh get Denya to stop those pesky jogs of his that destroy everything near him. When Denya ignores that obvious warning, Spikes takes it upon himself to make sure his younger brother never runs again with a very devious spell. Hilarity ensues. 

The intro may be a bit sad due to me being quite upset while writing it, but you'll see the story get much more fun as it progresses. Enjoy!



	Despite his best efforts, Denya couldn't help but notice his eyes start to heat up. No matter how hard he blinked them back, the black and grey dragon wolf felt a red-hot tear slip from his eye, slowly gliding around his plump, curvy cheek before getting lost between his chin and neck folds. It wasn't the last tear to slide down his face, however, as Denya's eyes continued to water up considerably, his vision growing blurry. Standing on the desk in front of him was his powered-down laptop, the blank screen reflecting his image.  No matter how hard he tried to believe that image in front of him was fake, Denya knew that the distorted monstrosity shown in front of him really was him. 

	Denya was, in every sense of the word, fat. Not just pot-bellied from having a few too many drinks lately, nor pleasantly plump from indulging himself more often than he should. He was fat. In fact, many would go out of their way to claim he was obese, a real porker of a draolf, and they had every right too! Not a single inch of his body was spared from the excess layers of adipose. Every time he looked down, Denya was greeted with the sight of the large, grey mass he called a belly, always looking slightly bigger than it did on the previous day. He couldn't even turn his head anymore without feeling his neck bunch up, limiting how much he could look around. There was definitely no denying it; Denya was more than corpulent. 

	Denya wasn't always a land whale, however. In the past, he was actually quite athletic, sporting a robust body that anyone would be jealous of. Every day, he would wake up early in the morning to take a "run through town," his supersonic sprints sprouting massive shockwaves throughout the entire city, shattering windows and wrecking vehicles. He was reckless, yes, but at least he was happy and, most importantly, fit. Disaster soon struck, however, as Denya had an alarming nightmare where his older brother, Spikes, forced him into suddenly gaining hundreds of tons, resulting in him turning into a blob of a draolf. Ever since that horrifying dream, he noticed a strange change in his behavior. Every time he so much as thought about running, Denya would receive a massive hunger pang, pressuring him to instead search for something to eat. The more he thought about running, the more intense his hunger pangs became. It was as if someone casted a spell on him! Every day, Denya was compelled to watch his sleek, sturdy frame slowly get replaced with a softer, doughier one. Each time he looked at himself, he would swear to exercise first thing in the morning. Instead, the starving draolf would find himself half buried in the pantry, stuffing his muzzle with anything he could get his paws on.

	That may have been a year ago, but the irreparable damage had been dealt to him. In that short amount of time, Denya had blimped up several hundred pounds, resulting in his current obese stature. His once muscular face had been replaced with a softer, cuddlier one, his angular chin now a series of thick folds. His round rear now resembled two giant balloons of flab, working together with his impressive back rolls to cover up as much of his fat tail as possible. Even Denya's chest now supported two large moobs, each of them looking like two large pillows resting on a beanbag chair-sized gut. 

	Denya sniffled again as he looked down at his grossly inflated body, feeling another tear slide down his chubby muzzle. Just looking at himself made him feel a lot heavier, as if he was putting on more weight from observation alone. Denya knew all of that excess weight on him was slowly making him more lethargic, the idea of running through the town again slowly converting into a distant memory. Just thinking about exercising made the draolf's immense stomach let out a low grumble. With a sigh of defeat, Denya slumped over as he stuck his chubby paw into the mountain of wrappers next to his laptop, fishing around until he managed to snag an unopened candy bar. Tossing the plastic encasing onto the now-destroyed mountain of wrappers, Denya frowned as he quickly tore through his chocolate bar, feeling a wave of sadness wash over him with every bite he took. "This chocolate is just gonna make me fatter. Everything I eat makes me fatter, and yet it's the only thing that comforts me. Why does the only thing that makes me happy also have to make me miserable?" He whimpered, his vision growing blurry again.

	"Something wrong, Denya?"

	Denya yelped and spun around in his swivel chair, wincing as he accidently pinched the edge of his belly between the table and his knee. Seeing his brother stare at him from across the room, the pudgy draolf felt his chubby cheeks blush bright red as he looked away, wiping his eyes of any traces of tears. "I- I wasn't crying," he stammered.

	"I didn't ask if you were crying, I asked if something was wrong," Spikes replied calmly, folding his arms over his muscular chest.

	Glancing back towards his big brother, Denya folded his ears as he realized what he had just said, unintentionally blowing away his alibi before it even became a thing. The last thing he needed to hurt his pride further was for someone to catch him crying, especially his older brother. While Denya was smaller and much fatter, Spikes was taller and fitter, the black draolf's body appearing as if it was chiseled from the gods themselves, which was fitting, considering he was a god himself. 	

	"I…I… whatever," Denya grunted, looking away again grumpily. "You know there's something wrong with me, so why bother asking? I used to have an awesome-looking body, just like you, and now it's all gone, buried beneath all this stupid, useless fat!" He exclaimed, angrily shoving at his squishy stomach. 

	"Well, I would feel sympathy for you, but it seems as if this is all your fault. Lately, all I've seen you do is sit around on that chair of yours eating candy and watching YouTube. No wonder you've put on some weight, you never exercise anymore!" Spikes retorted, eyeing his younger brother's jiggling gut.

	Hearing the last phrase of that sentence, Denya groaned as he felt another strong hunger pang, forcing him to look through the small pile of plastic wrappers for any food. Finding another candy bar, the tubby draolf ripped off the encasing and stuffed it into his mouth, swallowing it in one bite. "I've been trying to exer-… do what you just said, but for some reason I can't! Just thinking about moving makes me incredibly hungry for some reason, to the point where I have to eat something. Once that feeling is finally gone, I'm too full to even move! How am I supposed to pick up chicks with all this ugly fat?" 

	"Simple. Hang around girls who like big guys," Spikes suggested, noticing how Denya's belly was still jiggling from before."

	"Girls who like big guys?" Denya repeated, feeling a lump start to form in his throat. "Spikes, I'm past the size of a 'big guy.' Six months ago I couldn't fit into my favorite jacket, and that was only a size L. Now, I can't even walk across the room without feeling winded! Just last week I broke the scale, and I got so upset I ate two cartons of ice cream and drank a liter of Root Beer."

	Feeling fresh tears flow down his face, Denya whimpered as he started to stand up, using the table as leverage. Feeling the metal table bend under him only served to work up Denya even more as he got to his feet, his massive grey belly falling off his lap until it sagged to his knees. "Spikes, just look at me. This isn't normal for anybody, especially a demigod like myself! I'm so big and fat and heavy and… and… I'm a monster!" Denya couldn't hold back his anger as he shouted that last line, his stomach wobbling as he sobbed silently.

	Spikes didn't know what to say for a while as he stared at his little brother, feeling a twinge of guilt. He didn't know that cursing Denya to get hungry every time he thought about running would lead to such a drastic change in him. The older draolf just wanted his brother to focus on something else other than destroying the town, not to slowly immobilize him under his own flab. At this point, he knew it'd be too late for Denya to lose all that weight; it'd be impossible, especially with that curse around. Spikes mentally face palmed himself for giving Denya an eternal spell. Unable to handle the sight of his once-proud brother bawling in front of him, Spikes brought a finger to his chest as he tried desperately to think of a way to help… until suddenly, an idea struck, one so absolutely crazy and insane it had to work!

	"I understand, Denya. You're in quite a predicament," Spikes said apologetically, raising his voice so he could be heard over his brother's sobbing. "I'm sorry I didn't intervene sooner. How about I take you to the gym to make up for it? I know quite a few techniques on how to burn the fat right off the body in no time."

	With widened eyes, Denya gasped happily as he looked towards his brother, ignoring his sudden urge to dig through his candy wrapper mountain a third time. "Really? You're gonna help me slim down?" he asked, slowly wagging his plump tail.

	"Of course! I can't have my baby brother weigh as much as a baby elephant now," Spikes chuckled, surprised at how fast Denya could switch emotions. With just a few sentences, he had somehow managed to do a complete reversal on his brother's vibe.

	"Aw, sweet! I can't wait!" Denya exclaimed as he grabbed a pawful of his belly, smiling. He could already imagine himself in a couple months, slimmed down and looking as strong as Spikes. Gone were the days where he'd have to dig through his own belly rolls for several minutes just to find a dropped M&M. He might finally be able to see his fe-

	"But first, a trip to the kitchen," Spikes suddenly announced, patting Denya's soft shoulders. "Gotta eat a big lunch first before you work out, otherwise you'd run out of energy before you even break a sweat."

	"Oh thank god!" Denya exclaimed as he waddled off, his tail dragging along the floor as he walked. All of that thinking of working out and getting in shape had left the hefty draolf starving, the curse inside of him working hard to make its victim as famished as possible. 

	Chuckling at his brother's antics, Spikes smiled as he walked behind his wide-load brother, his eyes drawn to the sight of Denya walking. Having spent his entire life around other muscular furs such as himself, Spikes rarely saw a single soul indulge himself in any way. Due to never seeing a heavy-set person in his life, the bulky draolf was fascinated at the sheer girth of his little brother, as well as how malleable it appeared, compared to his own hard body. Even though Denya wasn't walking very fast at all, Spikes was amazed to witness just how much his body moved with him! Every step he took produced a meaty thump on the ground, sending his plump body into a frenzy of movement. His bottom bouncing up and down, his tree-trunk legs brushing against each other, and even his belly recoiling against itself all stirred up a flurry of motion on the seemingly unaware draolf's body. So engrossed with the prospect of eating food for the purpose of losing weight, Denya didn't even notice when his sides brushed against the doorway! Once he stepped foot into the kitchen, however, the portly draolf couldn't help but notice that something was off. 

	As befitting for the two deities, Denya and Spikes reside in a massive mansion seated squarely in the center of town. Whoever designed the impressive manor must have had a "large" theme in mind when he built it, for every room was much larger than it needed to be. The kitchen, for example, shared the same dimensions of a ballroom while still retaining all of its splendor. The floor was constructed out of shiny gold tiles, while the walls and columns shone a pearly white color. Normally the kitchen would be full of ovens, tables, and other appliances, most of which would be manned by the chefs who would spend most of the day preparing feasts for their two masters (although a large portion of those meals would travel directly to their heavier master), but now it was strangely empty, completely devoid of furniture.

	"Huh? Where is everybody?" Denya asked as he ambled into the room, his heavy footsteps breaking the quiet spell. Normally, someone would've walked up to him and offered him something to eat by now. Instead, the heavyset dragon wolf continued to waddle towards the center of the room, baffled at its sheer size. He never even noticed the murals of angels on the ceiling until now!

	"They've been temporarily transferred for now," Spikes replied as he walked behind Denya, eyeing his younger brother's flabby tail drag along the ground. "A friend of mine works at a restaurant down the street and needed extra hands for tonight. His machinery wasn't working well either, so I let him borrow some equipment as well."

	"And you couldn't save some for us?" Denya retorted, still looking around the hollow room, his neck fat bunched up from looking up so much. "How are we supposed to eat now with all of our stuff gone?"

	Spikes chuckled as he looked down at his younger brother, amused at the amount of distress portrayed on his chubby face. "You thought I'd give up our entire kitchen for nothing? Don't be silly," he smirked, patting Denya's blond head affectionately. "In return, he offered me as much food as I needed from his storage that, with a blink of an eye," Spikes held out an open paw, a meaty hamburger suddenly appearing out of thin air on top of it, "…I can teleport here. Care for a bite?"

	Denya beamed with joy as he watched the burger levitate off Spikes paw and float towards him, most likely due to the older draolf's telekinesis. Snatching it out of the air, the portly dragon-wolf bit down on the delicious beefsteak, the greasy juices exploding inside his mouth. Twitching his wings from ecstasy, Denya quickly demolished the rest of the burger in a few large bites, licking his plump fingers. "Mmmm, that was freaking divine! I gotta meet this friend of yours," Denya chuckled, patting his wobbling grey stomach affectionately. 

	"I'm glad you liked it," Spikes chuckled, happy to finally see his younger brother smile again. Holding both paws out now, the muscular draolf summoned two more greasy burgers, one on each hand. "Reading for a few more?" He asked as he levitated the savory chopped steak towards Denya again, his own tail wagging softly.

	Denya's eyes widened as he grabbed the two burgers, resisting the urge to cram them both into his fat maw at the same time. "M-more? But I thought I was supposed to get skinnier? Eating more greasy food is just gonna get me fatter!" he complained, looking apprehensive despite his mouth almost flooding with saliva.

	"You're supposed to eat until you're full, and then you go to the gym, Denya." Spikes explained, tapping his foot impatiently. "And I don't think that little burger was enough to satisfy you."

	A small trickle of drool made itself present on the edge of Denya's mouth, the tubby draolf still not convinced. "Well what about you? Aren't you going to eat?" he asked, his flabby arms shaking just from trying to hold back his urge to devour.

	"I already ate earlier, alright?" Spikes sighed, a slight frown cresting his face. "Just hurry up and eat so we can go work out."

	Before that last statement barely even left his lips, Denya began cramming the juicy burgers into his maw, his cheeks puffing out at the sheer volume of the food. Soon, he had managed to consume the two burgers in almost as little time as he did the first, a small belch emanating from his muzzle. "BWURRP! That really hit the spot," Denya moaned in delight, holding his paw out for even more.

	Pleased to see that his little brother was still hungry for more, Spikes called upon for more burgers one at a time, floating each one towards Denya. Once they were close enough, the greedy draolf would snatch the delicious patties from the air as if he was picking low-hanging fruit from a tree. Denya would then proceed to cram the greasy hamburgers into his fat muzzle, stuffing it inside of himself with one paw while reaching for more burgers with the other. Spikes was only too happy to oblige as he would continue to float more burgers to his brother, eyeing the gluttonous draolf's round stomach. He had seen Denya indulge himself before, but had never once thought about testing his limits. Even if this was all to help Denya, Spikes couldn't help but feel a little curious at just how much Denya could eat.

	Soon, his question was answered as Denya began to slow down by the fifth hamburger, his pace steadily decreasing bit by bit. By the time he reached his tenth burger, the pudgy draolf's eyelids began to droop, a food coma surely inevitable. Just holding his arm up to his mouth became a struggle as Denya took a final bite out of his twelth burger, dropping the patty onto the broad shelf his chest had become. "*huff huff* I-I'm stuffed, Spikes. I can't eat another bite," Denya whimpered, rubbing at his swollen and taunt tummy.

	Spikes raised an eyebrow as he regarded his fatter brother as if just noticing now how much he ate. He was about to ask himself where Denya put it all, although the answer to that was obvious. After cramming over 10,000 calories of burgers into himself, the draolf was now officially as wide as he was tall, his flabby grey belly now rounder and perkier due to the dozen burgers inside of it. Spikes was certain that if he pushed Denya now, he'd probably roll uncontrollably across the entire room! 

	Feeling another surge of curiosity, Spikes walked up to his younger brother and placed a paw on his grey belly. He was surprised to feel Denya's taunt belly underneath several layers of the soft fur and fat. "Wow, you weren't kidding. You feel like you're about to explode," he remarked, drumming his finger along his brother's stomach. Smiling wickedly, he looked back down at Denya's eyes, knowing Denya could do better. "I guess it's time to exercise now. Time to run to the gym and work out all day."

	Denya's eyes widened in horror as he listened to his brother, his green eyes staring fearfully into Spikes's red eyes. Immediately, he could feel the incredible tightness in his stomach start to slowly fade away, only to be replaced with a burning hunger. Folding his ears, Denya gritted his teeth as he could feel his massive stomach gurgle noisely, demanding more food after already eating enough of it to satisfy a family. "Urf… W-well, maybe just a few more snacks before we go?"

	"I thought you'd never ask," Spikes replied coolly, his wolfish grin widening a bit as he summoned his next course for Denya: fried, boneless chicken. Tossing several wings to his brother, Spikes stared at Denya intently, watching his brother eat one at a time, all in one bite.

	For the next hour, Denya found himself constantly packing in whatever food Spikes levitated towards him into his mouth, his growing belly continuously demanding more. Every time he would start to slow down, his older brother would mention working out repeatedly until Denya pleaded for more food to fill his black hole of a stomach. While this series of events was fairly stressful for feedee, it was quite exciting for the feeder! Spikes got a kick out of watching Denya glut himself, his tail wagging nine-to-three every time the younger draolf swallowed another large mouthful. It was surprisingly thrilling to witness his "little" brother make an absolute pig of himself, scarfing down snack after fattening snack despite wanting to slim down earlier. And the best part: he was actually fattening up! 

	Denya's legs had to be situated farther and farther apart to make room for his growing thighs, the two cylinders of fat squishing against each other no matter how wide his stance was. His tree trunk tail rose along the curvature of his massive rump, which sagged down to nearly the back of his knees! Roll after roll began to pile up on his back, which was now nearly as broad as a barn. Even Spikes began to feel small around Denya, and he was over a head taller!

	Unfortunatly for Spikes, Denya began to slow down his eating rate again, despite mentioning exercising just a minute ago. Heaving for breath, the obese draolf slumped forward, his massive grey stomach compressing against the ground. "What's wrong, tubby? Not hungry enough?" Spikes teased.

	Denya looked up at Spikes pleadingly for a moment, resembling an overfed puppy that just finished running a marathon. "*Huff huff* My arms are *wheeze* so sore," he whimpered, looking down at his bloated arms, as wide as his legs were a moment ago. Looking back up, the draolf whimpered again as he stared into his brother's eyes, too out of breath to even ask him to stop. For a while, Spikes just looked back at him, his wagging tail slowly falling limp against the back of his legs. "Maybe he'll finally stop feeding me," Denya thought to himself, hopefully thinking that they could finally go to the gym.

	He couldn't be any more wrong.

	"That's no problem. I'll just bring the food straight to your mouth! Your arms have had enough of a work out," Spikes suddenly exclaimed, his wolfish grin returning. Denya's eyes widened with horror as he felt an entire hotdog slam into his mouth, the force of which strong enough to knock the lard-ladened draolf off his feet, landing on his massive rear with a loud BLAM! Even Spikes was temporarily unbalanced from the small earthquake, not expecting the ground to move like that. "Heheh, he's bigger than I thought," he thought to himself as he continued launching food at his younger brother, rubbing his paws gleefully. "Time to make him grow bigger than anyone can imagine!"

	With his arms too bloated to move, Denya was rendered defenseless against the onslaught of his merciless brother, his maw constantly full of something no matter how often he swallowed. Everything from chicken, pork, beef, and back again was gulped down by the expanding draolf, his insatiable hunger still burning him as he grew. His tremendous dome of a gut continuously spread across the ground, covering up more and more gold tiles with the blobby grey blanket of blubber while his read did the same behind him. Amidst the feeding, Denya not only noticed himself grow outwards, but also upwards as well. Before today's events, the younger draolf stood only up to Spikes chest, and now he was eye level with his older brother even while sitting! Sadly, that just provided him with a better view of his growing self, witnessing every square inch his body took up.

	Meanwhile, Spikes was grinning with animalistic glee as he levitated more french-fries to his brother, his tail becoming a blur behind him. To him, watching Denya fatten up was one of the most fascinating things he's ever done! He knew that he could never put on any weight; his godly metabolism wouldn't allow it. Naturally, the next best thing was to witness his own brother pack on the pounds for him. Spikes couldn't help but chuckle at the sight of Denya's belly slowly bulging towards him, like an advancing wall of fat. Still using his telekinesis to feed the blob of a draolf, Spikes walked up to Denya's gut and gave it a big hug, feeling his arms sink into the endless folds and layers of the fluffy ball of fat. So enthralled with this sensation, he didn't even realize just how fast he was feeding his brother.

	Miraculously, Denya's body had adjusted to the sudden weight gain as he was hit by a barrage of hotdogs, his mouth forming a perfect O as they slid through one at a time like ants crawling into an anthill. His esophagus had stretched out significantly, allowed whole foods through without choking. With chewing becoming a useless task, Denya let his maw fall wide open as pizza slices were thrown inside like cheesy bullets, his stomach working overtime to convert all that pie into more adipose. The whale of a draolf whimpered as he felt himself rise higher and higher, sinking into his all-encompassing body. His growth rate had practically tripled with Spikes now not paying attention anymore! Within minutes, he felt the edge of his stomach press against the front of the room, his rear soon spreading along the back walls as well. Feeling like a liquid about to overflow a small container, the monstrocity of a draolf whined as he grew up and up, waiting for his head to touch the ceiling.

	… and just like that, the feeding stopped. 

	Denya slowly opened an eye once the last hamburger had flown in. Hesitantly closing his maw, the mountain of draolf tried to look around, his massive neck rolls preventing any such movement. Restricted into looking straight ahead, he only saw two things: angels on the ceiling, and grey everywhere else. His entire middle was like a massive lake, constantly rippling and rolling over each other. Just looking at his belly made Denya feel seasick! Somewhere beneath that mass of grey, he could feel an object roughly the size of his older brother wiggle beneath him, sending even more waves along his body. Behind him, Denya could tell his once impressive wings were reduced to two swollen mounds of fat, pressed tightly against his back. Even his ears were pinned against the back of his head, too fat to lift! It was like that horrible nightmare all over again!

	A million thoughts rushed through Denya's brain as he tried to process all this obtrusive, unwanted pile up of flesh currently pressing against every corner of the ballroom-sized kitchen. However, as the draolf's eyes began to close, his mind began to narrow on a single word that perfectly described what he was feeling:

	Bliss.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/16458350/