Part 3 is here! (also, Zane in this story is played by my mate  thegamingsniper132 )

It's been half a month since the gummy bird incident, and  mrfoxboy is still climbing the mountain, fatter than ever! But now, he has to escape an avalanche made out of Vanilla ice cream before he gets flattened! He escapes into a cave, where he realizes the only way to escape is by gaining enough weight to break the floor....

so lets help out the fox! EVERY COMMENT MAKES DOLBY GAIN 15 POUNDS!! cmon everyone, lets free the fat fox! :D



Entry: 03
Day: 21 Month: 1 Year: 1

	My jaw dropped when I saw our adipose avians feed themselves to our experiment! They weren't programmed for anything of the sort! Their sole purpose was to merely  blend into the background with the other food-themed items here. Zane, however, doesn't seem too shocked about this ordeal. I've noticed him spying on our experiment a bit more heavily now, taking note every time his Body Mass Index rises. According to Zane, the fox has gained 280 pounds since our last entry, topping off his weight to 453 pounds. Despite this recent poundage, our experiment is still moving strong, even developing slight amount of muscle under his lard. However, the fox's physical appearance still resembles more of a sumo wrestler than anything else. 

	Speaking of lard, our experiment is scaling the brownie mountain. Whether he is using the higher elevation to see the new planet better, or he plans on eating the entire mountain from tip to bottom (that would be funny to watch) we don't know. Snapping open a can of Sprite, I kicked back in my chair while carefully examining the fox. Don't tell Zane, but, from the corner of my eye, I caught him pressing an un-allowed button...

	Dolby groaned as he continued to haul himself up the mountain, his great white belly quivering with each step and breath he took. After that "incident" with the gummy birds, Dolby's stomach stretched and grew, leaving the fox with an almost permanent hunger. Starting from the ending of the forest and finishing at Dolby's current position lay a trail of half eaten caramel trees, chocolate rocks, and Laffy Taffy leaves. His increased appetite, plus his slowed down metabolism, plus constant junk food equals a very hefty fox. Dolby's cheeks have plumped out a bit, looking as if he were storing food in there, even when it was empty. His double chin looks like the underside of a balloon: round and puffy, almost enough to completely hide his fat neck with signs of a third chin coming in soon. Dolby's legs resemble thick tree trunks, even though they aren't as sturdy, while his bloated arms lay heavily at his side. The fattest part about Dolby was tummy, however. Even though his round rear is enough to sit on two airplane seats, the round fox's gut sticks out the most (literally), bulging out over a foot in front of him while sagging over his waistline and crotch area. 

	Dolby panted as he whipped away more sweat from his brow, the simple motion making his right arm jiggle and sway. "Darn *huff huff* how is it *pant* so hot up here!" The fat fox said as he stepped onto the Vanilla ice cream snow, realizing it hasn't melted a bit. Dolby assumed the heat also contributed to his weight gain, making him lazier than usual. Despite the heat, the ice cream refused to melt, although the large fox wished it would, his bare feet freezing from the contact. "Just a few *wheeze* more days, then *pant pant* ill reach the summit" Dolby muttered to himself while reaching a paw under his heavy moobs to wipe away any sweat. Before the obese fox could continue, however, Dolby's round belly gave out a large gurgle, indicating his obvious hunger. "Well, I've climbed enough for one day, I think it's time for ... was it my 15th or 16th meal?" Dolby frowned and held up his pudgy paws, counting each of his sausage-like fingers before he felt a rumble underneath...

	Dolby's eyes widened tremendously as the rumbling starting to increase, his body rippling softly. Looking at the top of the mountain, the chubby fox noticed something that made his heart stop: an ice cream avalanche was approaching, and quickly! With a quick yell of terror, Dolby turned tail and sprinted down the hill, panting loudly as the avalanche thundered after him. 

	While the ice cream avalanche was quickly flowing downhill, Dolby had trouble moving at a jog, barely avoiding tripping himself every few feet as his knees dug into his huge, round belly with every step, his entire body quivering and jiggling noisily (mostly his rear and thighs). Dolby suddenly leapt over a small brownie rock, landing several feet downhill, making his flabby body bounce up and down a bit before continuing his sprint. While the avalanched swarmed after him faster and faster, Dolby was waddling slowly and slower, his breath coming out in short, ragged gasps, not used to carrying so much blubber with him. Looking back, the rotund fox squealed, seeing the avalanche was within minutes of overtaking him! 

	Before Dolby could simply stop running and give up, the lard-filled fox noticed a small opening in the mountain side. "A Cliff! Finally!" With a little vigor left in him, Dolby hopped down the rest of the way and flopped into the opening, landing on his back just as a wall of ice cream shot down over the cave, blotting out most of the sunlight. As the noisey avalanche continued its run, Dolby continued to lie on his back, his bulging belly swelling in and out with each deep breath he took. 

	Dolby opened an eye slowly, not aware that he took a nap in the cave. Opening his other eye, the fat fox leaned forward, squishing his belly rolls together while looking around, his keen eyesight slowly getting used to the lack of light. Looking up, Dolby found a few small holes leading up to the surface, however they were too high up for the out of shape fatty to climb. The avalanche outside had stopped, but it left a thick wall of ice cream blocking the entrance to the cave, leaving the poor pink fox trapped. The cave was around the size of a living room, with stalactites forming on the roof, Mountain Dew dripping off the candy stalactite into a small Mountain Dew pool. Despite his situation, Dolby couldn't help but chuckle. "Heheh, so Mountain Dew really does come from mountains after all!" Dolby snickered, his voice echoing throughout the cave.

	At last, Dolby glanced downwards... and nearly screamed! The floor to the chocolate cave was a flat, see through rock candy. On the other side of the floor was a dark, seemingly-bottomless hole that seemed to go on forever! Dolby continued to stare down, his heart beating loudly through his thick chest, a sudden fear of heights making itself known to the frightened tubby fox. "Oh man..." whispered Dolby. "I gotta get out of here... maybe I can eat my way out!" That option was immediately shot down when the plump fox remembered how much snow avalanches usually carried, meaning it would take literally months for Dolby to escape. With his heart roaring in his chest again, Dolby sighed and got on his knees, belly touching the rock candy floor beneath him. "Alright.. plan B" Dolby grunted as he clawed at the floor, thinking that an endless fall was better than sitting in a cave for months doing nothing but eating ice cream. Even if he ate it all, the pink fox would be a literal blob, taking up the entire space of the cave! 

	Dolby growled in frustration as his claws didn't even make a scratch, the rock candy too hard for his claws. "Alright.... plan C, I guess." Dolby slowly crawled to the corner of the cave, grabbed a large chunk out of the chocolate wall, and began to munch, with only one thing in mind: to gain! "I'll have to get fatter!" Dolby said as he chewed on a chunk as big as his fat head, making his already chubby cheeks bulge further. "The fatter I am, the more the floor will crack until It breaks, then I can escape!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11273258/