Wohoo, first upload on the first day of the first month of a new year with a brand new computer! This is also my first tanuki story and my first commission of the year. Today hasn't even ended yet and I'm already having a ton of fun this year :p

Speed write commission for  tenabra who's been extremely awesome and patient while I slowly muddle through this. It's a lot shorter than my usual stories since those tend to drag on and on, this one just gets straight to the point. 

I hope you all enjoy!



The dark clouds completely covered the sky above, casting a gloomy shadow over the village below. The town's once vibrant and colorful buildings were tinted a darker shade of grey, perfectly matching the mood casted off by its own citizens. Foxes, rabbits, wolves, mice, bats, and other anthros went about with their tasks, a frown adjoining their muzzles. Whether they were harvesting crops, repainting walls, sweeping their front porches, or even just walking around, every villager had something in common: they were all impossible obese. 

Just moving around was a hassle for the plump mammals, their broad guts and hips colliding into something or someone nearly every second. The effort to bend over to gather vegetables was almost too much for the farmers, whose massive stomachs pressed against the Earth every time they bent forward. Painters struggled to even reach their homes due to the extra lard coating their limbs, making it difficult to bend them. Even when they did reach the wood, their furry guts would end up pressing against the freshly-coated wall as well, covering their bellies with a thin layer of paint. While to some it may be funny to see an entire village of incredibly rotund furs waddle about, the humor was entirely lost to them.

Save for one, particular individual.

Tenabra grinned maliciously as he stood atop the hill overlooking the village, his ringed tail bobbing curiously. While everyone else in the town stood bloated with hundreds of pounds of extra fat, the brown tanuki managed to stay rather slender, and there was an obvious reason behind this: he was the one fattening up the entire village! The impish tanuki stood tall as he glanced downward, feeling as if he practically owned the settlement. For the past two years, Tenabra had been traveling into the village unopposed, selecting one unfortunate fur out of the blue and inflating them with his magic. The results were always satisfying, at least to the magician, to watch a frightened villager suddenly blimp outwards with blubber, their excess flab ripping apart their clothes until they were practically nude, save for a few special occasions where the villager was wearing a particularly stretchy pair of undergarments. The best part? He could do this to anyone whenever he wanted to! What were they gonna do about it, chase him out? Have you seen anyone suddenly gain 300 pounds run after anything effectively? Besides, even if they did catch him, what then? Just touching the mysterious tanuki caused instant weight gain, something no one in the village wanted to be on the receiving end of. 

"Who should I go after today?" Tenabra sneered as he started marching down the hill, shifting his gaze left and right. Immediately, a huge list of targets appeared in his mind, such as a grey wolf trying to jog off his extra weight, sending up huge plumes of dust every time his fat paws made contact with the ground. Or maybe the curvy mouse currently trying to unwedge herself from her front door? A few hundred extra pounds and she'll never have to worry about fitting in anywhere again! Of course, there was always that lazy fox he loved or so much to torment, the orange canid currently snoring up a storm as he lay on his back by the fields, his chins quivering with each breath he took. Oh, the possibilities are endless!

"Now I'm fired up!" Tenabra exclaimed as he held out his paws, the tips of which turning a bright green. As he drew closer, he felt his fingertips burn hotter and hotter, a result of his strong ambition. Maybe he should take it a step farther and add another 300 pounds to his touch! How exciting it would be to turn someone into a colossal sack of lard, leaving them completely helpless to the evil tanuki! He'd always wanted a fluffy beanbag chair, and he was about to receive a village full of them! 

Just then, whether through sheer luck or divine intervention, the unexpected happened. The clouds, once so dark and thick, suddenly parted ways just long enough for a beam of sunlight to shine down on the Tanuki's unsuspecting face. "Gyaaah! My eyes!" He exclaimed, ducking his head as he brought his paws to his face. Having been used to the lack of light the clouds provided, Tenabra was momentarily stunned as he wiped his eyes, blinking back tears caused by the startling light. Flicking his ringed tail in frustration, the tanuki growled and pulled his paws away, ready to inflict some massive damage on the villagers below. However, once he looked back down, he noticed his fingertips weren't glowing bright green anymore… and that's when Tenabra quickly realized he had just made the biggest mistake of his life. 

Gritting his teeth in fear, Tenabra looked down in horror as he watched his trim stomach start to bulge out, expanding like a continuously expanding balloon. The shocked tanuki felt a cold sweat trickling down his back as he pressed his paws into his stomach and, to his horror, felt them sink into the soft flesh a few inches. That feeling of dismay only intensified as he watched his fingers continued to get swallowed up by his expanding gut, the extra pounds piling on and on.

"N-no! This cannot be!" He cried, staggering onto his cushioned rump, staring at the slowly-rising puddle of pudge before him. To make matters worse, his sudden scream had alerted the nearby villagers, who were slowly gathering outside to see what the commotion was about. When they were alerted of the tanuki's conundrum, some laughed, others placed their paws on their wide hips in a "serves you right" pose, while most grabbed the nearest weapons they could find and started marching towards Tenabra, sinister smiles spreading across their muzzles. Today was the day of their revenge!

"G-get back!" Tenabra yelped as he quickly rolled back onto all fours with all the grace of a sumo ballerina. Sitting up became a hassle, as his amber stomach had began spreading across his wide lap, bunching up into a series of thick rolls every time he tried leaning forward. The frightened Tanuki pushed at the ground with all of his might, desperate to get up before he grew too heavy, and succeeding in rising his hefty rump off the ground enough to swing his flabby legs beneath him to stand. Using a nearby tree for support, the swelling tanuki managed to haul himself back onto his feet, wavering a bit just from the effort it took to get up. Just standing upright left the tubby coon wheezing, but he knew that if he collapsed here, the plump villagers would finally get their long-awaited revenge on him!

With a gasp, Tenabra turned towards the hill behind him and began to climb, seeing as how there was no other alternative path for escape. He may be quite fat, but he was still in far better shape than the other townsmen; for now, at least. Using the trees for leverage, the tubby tanuki marched his way uphill, his knees digging into his doughy underbelly with each step he took.

It was exhausting work, to say the least, his forehead already damp with sweat after only a few short steps. The hill peak appeared further and further away every time he looked up, making the flabby tanuki groan slightly, yet he knew better than to turn around and give up. He tried pretending he wasn't gaining weight, that this was just a rather intensive excersize routine, yet soon it became hard to ignore his creamy belly making its way into his peripheral vision. To make matters worse, his body jiggled and sloshed more frequently with every movement he made, shifting his center of gravity to the point where it was almost impossible to keep his balance, even when standing still! 

Time slowly dragged on, the poor tanuki's lumbering pace gradually slowing down until he was at a crawl. Tenabra gasping and panted as he held most of his gut in his arms, trying to lift the saggy appendage to avoid tripping on it. His enormous thighs bumped and swayed into practically every tree he encounter, grinding against each other with every slothful step he took. He was a blimp, an enormous brown ball of furry lard, his flabby arms flailing about as he tried to prevent falling over, knowing from experience what happens when you set a ball on a steep slope. 

"Al…most…there…" the obese tanuki managed to mutter inbetween wheezes and gasps, jiggling his thick neck flab. Pure adrenaline kept him going at this point, even if it was being diluted by the amount of tanuki it was trying to power all at once. And yet, despite his puffy moobs and cheeks blocking much of his vision, Tenabra finally saw the top of the hill within arm's reach. At last, there was hope for him, the ball of tanuki managing a dimpled grin as he renewed his energy for the last time. Even if he breached himself on top of the hill, there was no way those fatass villagers would ever catch up to him, and even if they did, he would have plenty of time to build up enough manage to reverse the spell! He'll be as thin as a twig yet again, while everyone else remained roly-poly. Who knows, at that point, he might even have enough magic to fatten up the entire village to immobility, eradicating the problem once and for all. 

So distracted Tenabra was with his scheming that he didn't even notice his body gaining an extra hundred pounds. While said weight gain was hard to notice, considering how massive he was before then, it did allow his stomach to swell out even further, wedging itself into the ground and driving Tenabra into a squishy halt. With a grunt, the tanuki dug his feet into the ground and pushed with all his might, yet his increased heart rate told all that he knew he was in trouble. Soon, another hundred pounds piled onto him, his stomach pushing him back like a wound-up spring, and Tenabra began teetering backwards. 

Screaming every curse word he knew, Tenabra flailed his pudgy arms and legs as he started rolling downhill, desperately attempting to save himself from his fate. He could feel his feet leave the ground as soon as his rump pressed against it, his arched back working against him as tons of tanuki pudge shifted against his will. For a brief moment, Tenabra understood just how heavy he had really grown once he rolled onto his head, fortunate that his cheeks and neck folds were there to cushion him from his own body, only to reemerge in time to roll onto his stomach. With a small whine, the spherical spell caster finally chose to accept his fat fate as he tumbled faster and faster, his vision blurred with green and brown. Unable to reach the ground anymore, Tenabra resorted to pulling his doughy limbs in for fear of hitting them against a tree, even though they were more than padded enough to cushion any impact. 

Just as he was feeling ready to vomit, Tenabra found himself rolling along an even surface, finally slowing down to a halt. Stuck on his back, the tanuki slowly opened his eyes to see a recreation of his own worst nightmares.

Fat villagers, dozens of them, swarming around him like insects to dung, not one of them bearing a friendly expression. Some were shocked, some angry, most mischievous, but none were happy. Swallowing down a huge lump that hard formed in his throat, Tenabra put on a brave smile and spat out the quickest excuse that came to mind. "Good news, everyone! I've decided to join your village!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/22166368/