A big thank you to  jackthorn for being so patient while I wrote this story, he's more lenient on me than I am lol

Jack decides to look around an abandoned chocolate warehouse out of curiosity, wondering why no one ever bothered to tear down or clean out something so old. With tons of free chocolate inside, he doesn't care as he has the feast of the lifetime... until something interesting happens.

This was a fun story to write, especially around the end. I hope you enjoy it!



	Jack frowned as he stared at the crumbling warehouse in front of him, the chubby jackal crossing his arms in disappointment. This was supposed to be the "Chocolate Castle" he heard so much about? It was nothing more than a decrepit old fort! Even from his vantage point on top of the grassy knoll several meters away, Jack could see thick cracks alongside the wall, as well as a couple large spider webs. Had it been Halloween, the young jackal might have found it much more interesting, but considering that holiday was long gone, Jack couldn't help but wonder who would allow a building this poorly maintained continue to exist. Compared to the more modern-looking buildings surrounding the area, the warehouse looked completely out of place. Surely any other building as ancient-looking as this would have  been destroyed by now to make room for something more visually appealing.

	"Eh, who cares what it looks like. Just as long as it has candy," Jack muttered to himself, the chubby jackal shrugging as he carefully made his way down the hill, his soft belly gently bouncing in time with his steps. As he got closer, he could see the thick cracks more easily, as well as scattered bricks next to the walls and "… Is that moss? How old is this place!?" Jack wandered around as he reached up and touched the green, spongy substance. With a frown, the tubby jackal looked up at the aged, wooden doors, his brow wrinkling with concern. If the outside of the factory looked this worn out, imagine how awful the inside must be! Folding his large ears, Jack stepped back and looked around, concerned about his decision-making. What if that strange dragon-wolf creature lied about this place? It certainly doesn't look like a palace of any kind, despite what he said earlier. With a heavy sigh of disappointment, Jack closed his eyes and walked away, not wanting to be near such an ugly structure…That is, until curiosity took over.

	Jack suddenly turned around and promptly marched up to the factory, letting his inquisitiveness get the best of him. With both paws, the pudgy jackal grunted and slowly heaved the large wooden door open, the rusted hinges ready to fall off at any moment. Once the door was out of the way, Jack was met by a rush of aromas, strong enough to temporarily dull the rest of his senses. With a cheeky smile, Jack looked at the astonishing sight in front of him, a single word escaping from his lips: "Chocolate."

	And chocolate there was! Vast quantities of the sugary delight lay scattered around as if an indoor twister recently strolled through. Despite the mess, however, Jack noticed all of the chocolates were individually wrapped in bright orange wrappers with the word "KING" written on top in fancy gold lettering. Towards the back of the warehouse, several 3x3 crates laid stacked amongst one another, many of them bulging with what Jack assumed was even more chocolate. 

	"Aw wow, there really is something good about this place!" Jack exclaimed as he ran around the massive interior like a kid in a candy store, the hyperactive and pudgy jackal leaping towards the nearest pile of chocolate bars. With excited enthusiasm, he quickly grabbed one of the candy bars and slowly unwrapped one, studying the exposed chocolate. Much to his disappointment, it looked like any other standard candy bar, save for the "KING" embedded into the chocolate in what Jack assumed was caramel. Always one to savor moments such as these, Jack held the bar close to his face and grinned, inhaling the faint, sweet scent the candy provided. The pudgy jackal could barely contain the pools of saliva forming in his maw as he stuck out his tongue, gently rubbing it against the chocolate.

	Time itself seemed to slow down as Jack licked the chocolate, his eyes practically bulging out from his sockets. This wasn't chocolate; this was the nectar of the gods! Jack continued to sit there as his mind went completely blank, save for a few images of a brown, delicious heaven. Without realizing, the greedy jackal had already stuffed the entire 8 inch chocolate bar into his mouth, his cheeks bulging while furiously grinding the sweet into a viscous paste before lifting his head to swallow, the brown mixture flowing smoothly down his throat as if it were liquid gold! With a smack of his lips, Jack quickly  lunged for another pawful of chocolates, tearing them open with his sharp teeth before dumping them into his mouth. The rich, milky chocolate melted in his maw yet again, sending shivers down the chubby canine's spine. If chocolate was a drug, Jack was addicted. 

	Hours went by as Jack continued to gorge himself, time seemed to slip the gluttonous jackal's mind. Each chocolate bar consumed was as addicting as the next, their lingering taste making Jack desperate to eat more. As if it were a drug, the enticing chocolate began to hinder the gluttonous jackal's thought process, the tubby canine completely disregarding the cleanliness of the ancient chocolate and instead choosing to focus on feeding himself as many chocolate bars at a time as possible.

	As one would expect from eating a dozen servings of chocolate in under a minute, Jack's chubby frame began to expand upon itself. With every mouthful he swallowed, the greedy canine's potbelly grew in size an extra inch, his stomach gurgling noisily as it desperately tried to digest the massive amounts of chocolate, metabolizing it straight into lard. Jack's already-tight shirt began to dig deeply into his plush sides, and yet he had barely made a dent in the little mountain of candy bars he gathered! With a slight smile, Jack redoubled his efforts, reassured that there were plenty of chocolates to keep him sated.

	While the pile grew smaller and smaller, Jack's shirt grew tighter and tighter, riding up higher to reveal his large, cream-colored belly. The flabby underside of his arms jiggled intensively as they rushed to bring more food to their owner, growing too large for the T-shirt's sleeves to contain. Had Jack paid any attention to his surroundings, he would have noticed his stomach began to bulge over his pants, his shorts stretching at the seams to contain so much jackal. It wasn't long before Jack winced as the button on his pants began to press deeply into his squishy gut, the pain causing the overfed jackal to briefly pause his feasting. "Oof! Stupid pants," Jack muttered as he tried reaching around his doughy belly to unbutton his pants, the task proving to be rather difficult due to his thick shoulders  brushing against his newly obtained set of moobs. With a frustrated grunt, Jack threw his arms down in defeat, completely disregarding his own newly acquired pudge. He didn't care how fat he grew from eating those tantalizing sweets, he'd be content to bloat up into a ball of a jackal if it meant he could continue eating, but what could he do about  his pants? They were already too tight on him now. If he got any bigger, it would just hurt more and more until… oh.

	Jack nearly face-palmed himself as he figured out the obvious solution to his problem. Grabbing again at his beloved chocolate bars, the tubby jackal resumed his feeding quest. With each swallow, he felt his pants dig deeper and deeper into his distended stomach until, *PIIIING*, the metal button flew off! With a sigh of relief, Jack slouched over as his stomach forced his zipper down, the small avalanche of fat filling up his lap. Feeling quite proud of himself, he quickly lunged for even more chocolate to reward himself for his brilliance, resuming the fattening binging once again. 



	Chocolate wrappers lay strewn around the entire warehouse, the floor covered with picked-clean plastic. Strewn across the room were several hills made out of wrappers, yet none of them were as big as the tan and cream-colored mound in the middle of the room. "BWAAP! Aw yeah, that hit the *hic* spot," Jack muttered lazily to himself as he licked the rest of the chocolate from his lips, the obese jackal in a semi-food coma after his amazing binge. Sitting upright, he had to spread his legs out incredibly far just to make room for his massive belly, the brown furry sack of lard spreading across the ground almost to his toes. A drunken grin spread across Jack's softball-sized cheeks, forming deep dimples as he leaned forward to rub his stomach, his triple chin smooshing against his two plump moobs. His smaller tail struggled to wag as it was pinned between his ever-increasing number of back rolls and his beach ball sized butt cheeks. The doughy jackal's shirt struggled to remain intact as it clung to his chest, stretching apart at the seams. Jack's arms, now wider than most furs' thighs, rested lazily on top of his dome of a gut, his elbows invisible underneath multiple layers of pudge. His legs and thighs looked massive tree trunks, even his foot paws looked pudgy next to them! 

	Jack hiccupped again as he rubbed his 3-foot wide belly, raking his claws against the expansive furry gut. "Heehee, I'm a weird-dough," the silly canine joked to himself, watching his squishy body jiggle as he slapped the side of his gut again and again, finding it quite amusing how similar he looked to uncooked bread. Just making puns about food was enough to get the greedy jackal hungry again as his stomach let loose a loud gurgle, loud enough to echo against the walls. "Oof, I'm still hungry? I musta ate, like, a bazillion chocolate bars!" Jack exclaimed, looking at his huge belly in awe. Another growl soon emitted from his stomach, causing the jackal's fatter ears to fold in pain. "Alright alright! I'll see if I missed any chocolate bars. Then you better hush up," Jack muttered as he gave his belly a stern look. Satisfied with its lack of response, the obese jackal pressed his chubby paws against the ground and grunted, desperately trying to lean forward. Wiggling his legs uselessly, he felt himself start to slowly roll onto his inflated tummy, the excess fat squishing and spreading along the floor. Bringing his wide legs back, Jack managed to bring himself onto all fours, giving himself the appearance of a very overfed feral dog with his back arched into the air and his belly touching the ground. "Phew, finally got this far. Who knew that being fat makes it hard to move?" Jack asked himself as he gave himself a breather, his round tummy bulging in and out. After a few moments, the hefty canid began rocking himself back and forth, sending wave-like ripples across his entire body. With one final push, Jack quickly hefted  himself onto his hind two paws, wobbling around uncertainly. "Alright *huff huff* finally up *wheeze* now for more food," Jack gasped as he wiped some sweat off of his fatty brow before slowly wading through the chocolate wrappers, a few of them getting wedged between his deep love handles.

	Jack's panting only grew louder as his search for chocolate in the sea of wrappers grew fruitless. Every labored step he took shook his flabby body, as well as part of the floor he was standing on, making a satisfying thump every time his foot made contact with it. His thighs were starting to grow quite sore as well, due to how often they brushed against each other. "Huff huff… c'mon, there's gotta be, huff huff, one chocolate bar left," Jack moaned as he flipped over a small hill of wrappers, his arms jiggling from the slight movement. Seeing no chocolate in sight, the pudgy jackal frowned and slumped over, the spherical jackal's belly bouncing against his thighs. Just when all hope was lost, however, Jack suddenly remembered something! "The crates!" He exclaimed as he waddled as fast as he could through the sea of wrappers to the back of the building, ashamed of himself for not noticing the long line of crates earlier. Once there, Jack grinned with glee as he reached for the lid of a container, struggling to reach past his large moobs and belly. 

	Before he could even come close to reaching it, however, the lids of all the crates quickly flung open with a loud WHOOSH, knocking the surprised jackal off his feet. Jack yelped as his huge rear slammed against the ground with a powerful BOOM, scattering wrappers all around him due to the shockwave. As Jack struggled the control his jiggling frame, a stream of brown liquid flew out of each of the crates before colliding in midair, forming a single glob of chocolate. The gooey creation bubbled and gurgled, contorting its own mass as it took on a variety of shapes. At last, it finally took on the form of an anthro canine, possibly a wolf due to its muzzle shape, with a caramel crown and goggles on his head. Jack watched as the chocolaty figure finally lowered itself onto the ground, his features shimmering slightly as if he were still made of goo.
	The chocolate wolf took a moment to survey the area around him, noticing the ground littered with the brightly colored chocolate wrappers. Soon his gaze settled on Jack, finally recovering from this insane change of events. "Are you responsible for the desolation of my treasure?" He asked with a powerful accent, his voice smooth and thick like a flowing river made of chocolate.

	Jack's maw dropped onto his flabby chest as he heard the strange being in front of him actually talk, his eyes practically bulging out of their eye sockets. "W-w-who me? N-no, it was someone else," he quickly lied, the fur on the back of his neck standing up.

	The chocolate wolf didn't respond immediately. Instead, it lunged out and grabbed Jack's plush stomach, sinking his fingers into the squishy surface while leaving behind a little chocolaty residue. "Oh really? Enlighten me then on how came to be so corpulent? Surely whoever devoured my horde of treasure would have to have quite the sizable stomach, similar to your own," he said as he leaned closer, showing off his sharp, white chocolate teeth.

	"I-I've always been this fat! I'm a… sumo wrestler, and I came to sit on whoever ate everything here, but the crook got away before I could get him!" Jack whimpered, his fluffy ears folding back on his rotund head. His situation was looking bleaker by the minute, if only he could-

	Jack didn't have time to think as the sugary canid suddenly lunged for him, a devilish grin spreading across his muzzle. Stretching and contorting his body, the chocolate wolf wrapped itself around each of Jack's uselessly bloated limbs and pinned him against the wall.  The rotund jackal yelped in shock as his aggressor's body tied itself around his own, his body resembling a water balloon with several rubber bands tied around it. Gritting his teeth, Jack struggled to break through the bonds but only managed to increase the tightness around his body. With an evil chuckle, the chocolate wolf's head began to emerge in front of Jack's, his eyes glowing bright red. "Don't lie to me, boy. I can feel my treasure horded up inside your body turning itself into fat. You greedy, greedy child, look how large you've grown! You actually captured yourself for me by growing so obese! How does it feel, having so much blubber weighing you down to the point of near immobility? Perhaps you should be my new royal jester!" The chocolate wolf guffawed as he playfully rocked Jack's bloated body, watching him squish and wobble like Jell-O. 

	Whimpering in humiliation, Jack blushed as he felt himself jiggle uncontrollably. No matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't find a way to break out of his captor's reach. Things only grew worse for the embarrassed fatty as his large stomach let out another loud gurgle, much to the chocolate wolf's amusement. Clenching his teeth, Jack looked at him in anger as he continued to bob back and forth uncontrollably like a punching bag. "Quit it! I'm not a toy, darn it!"

	The chocolate wolf howled with laughter as he suddenly jerked Jack up in front of him, their noses brushing against each other. "You don't get it, you devoured something that belongs to me, and that something became a part of your body. Therefore, I own all of this," he said cruelly as he squeezed a pawful of the corpulent canine's back. 

	Jack's blush grew deeper as he growled loudly, his eyes locked onto the chocolate wolf. "I said to quit it!!" With a shout, the fat jackal suddenly lunged his head forward and bit hard at the surprised king, biting off his chocolate nose! As soon as Jack's teeth made contact with his nose, the chocolate wolf gasped and quickly flew back, the jackal's light brown flab quickly ballooning out back to its original shape. 

	"You… you monster," was all the chocolate wolf could say, looking in horror as Jack chewed and swallowed his nose as if it were nothing. Seizing his chance to scare away his adversary, the rotund jackal smiled and rubbed the top of his furry belly happily. "See? You're not my king, you're my meal!" Jack exclaimed as convincingly scary as possible, laughing cruelly to drive home his point. He was quickly interrupted, however, as his stomach suddenly bulged out an extra inch, now covering his fat feet completely.

	The chocolate wolf raised a dark eyebrow as he looked at the interesting series of events that unfolded in front of him, specifically the jackal's sudden weight gain. His nose alone was enough for the fatso to gain a couple pounds? Could it be his chocolaty body contains just as much calories as it does magic? "How interesting," he chuckled as he poked Jack's belly button with a thin finger and wiggled it, watching the other canine's fat cheeks blush even redder. "At first I was quite furious with you for separating me from my treasure, seeing it stored inside your body as excess adipose. By the looks of things, however, I still have a chance to stay with my precious belongings a little while longer. Consider this a farewell present, you bloated pig!" With a bone-chilling cackle, the chocolate wolf liquidized himself and flew into the air, flying around as a long tendril of chocolate before forcing himself into Jack's maw!

	With a surprised grunt, Jack's eyes widened as thick liquid poured itself into his mouth, too fast to stop! Much to his horror, he immediately began putting on weight, his ample rear swallowing up his tail while his belly pushed back chocolate wrappers to make room to grow. Jack struggled to block the torrents of chocolate with his paws, but this proved to be a fruitless endeavor as his chest grew wider and his arms grew heavier. Realizing there was no escape, the swelling jackal closed his eyes and swallowed willingly, choosing to appreciate the delicious flavor rather than fight against the inevitable. His arms quickly double in size, now as thick and useless as his legs were earlier. Jack's tail struggled to wag as it lay buried underneath his staggering amount of back rolls, each almost as broad as a barn. Jack's thighs grew wider than car tires, his knees invisible underneath the growing pudge leading up to his two stubby feet. Despite all of that, however, Jack's most noticeable change was his stomach, his massive, round dome of a gut bulged out more than six feet in front of him, pushing away tons of wrappers with every swallow the gluttonous jackal took. 

	With a deep breath,  Jack quickly swallowed the rest of the chocolate wolf and belched loudly, falling onto his back with an earth-shattering THUD! With a groan, the blob of a jackal watched his immense figure slosh and ripple, a massive wave starting from the edge of his legs up to the tip of his fat face and back again. Yawning lazily, Jack's basketball-sized cheeks grew red as he looked up at his towering brown gut, unable to see not only his feet, but the wall on the opposite side of the room. Everything about him felt so heavy! His arms, his legs, his middle, all of it coated with layers upon layers of excess flab. "Oof… at least I'm not hungry anymore," Jack said with a chuckle, his multiple chins jiggling in unison as he reached a chubby paw out to rub the side of his belly, feeling his fingers easily slip into the folds. Letting out another burp, Jack leaned back and began to close his eyes, ready to sleep on the spot, before he noticed something on his belly. There, resting on that massive dome of flab, was a single chocolate bar with KING written on it in caramel!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15301365/