Aw man, I can't ever seem to write a short story. This is another 15 pages of nonstop fatty goodness, so buckleup buckaroos! 

 chriselfox is just a simple baker, creating delicious treats for his generally-overweight patrons. However, a single visit from  shindenwolf will bring his attention to a simple donut that will change his life forever, for better or worse.

Hope you like it man, it was a ton of fun! ^^



"Ah, nothing like the smell of fresh dough in the morning." 

	Chris couldn't help but start humming to himself as he leaned against the counter, carefully eyeing the freshly baked confections before him. Six naked pies rested on the silver tray before him, their dough still sizzling and bubbling due to being pulled straight from the oven a moment ago. Normally, the golden-brown fox would pause to enjoy the mouth-watering scent of the similarly colored confections, but seeing as how he had already taken his sweet time in stacking the perfect number of raspberries, blackberries, and cherries into the jam beforehand, he figured it would be better if he quickly finished up the pie before his customers got impatient. Even now, he could see the obese black canine on the other side of the counter drool in anticipation, rubbing his chubby paws together as if he were priming invisible defibrillators. 

	With no time to lose, Chris grabbed a half-empty icing bag and went straight to work. Sticking his tongue out in concentration, he held the tray with his oven-mitted left paw while his right one worked the frosting along the pies. It was a slow and delicate process, wiggling his wrist around to leave behind the spiral trail of frosting along the pastries, but it was all worth it to watch his culinary confection become a culinary perfection. While it was fun to mold the dough, fill it with fresh fruit, seal it with more dough, and wait for it to cook, nothing compared to adding the finishing touches. It was the icing on the cake, after all.

	"Here you are, half a dozen pies," Chris grinned as he finished icing the final fritter, holding the tray over the counter to his corpulent customer. "Sorry about the wait. Would you like a box for them?" 

	The yellow fox got his answer as the rotund dragonwolf scooped up the large treats in his bulky arms, grinning from ear to ear. "I'm fine, thanks. You have no idea how much I've been looking forward to this!" Squealing in delight, he quickly scurried off while digging his muzzle into one of pies. 

	"Well, that's one way to hold your food," Chris thought to himself with a bemused smirk as he watched the draolf lumber off, getting frosting and dough all over his face. He knew he should feel pain at watching his precious creations get destroyed right in front of him, but seeing the smile on the chubby canine's face brought him more than enough satisfaction as a baker. "I can help whoever's next!" 

	Chris soon found himself smiling even brighter as he saw a familiar face approach the counter. "Hey there, Shinden! I thought you were working today."

	The uniformed wolf grinned right back as he leaned against the counter. "Heh, we had an early day today. We were supposed to practice skydiving today, but we couldn't find a cushion to land on. A parachute is only so reliable, you know? Anyways, how are ya man?"

	"I'm alright, thanks. It's been a long day," Chris sighed as he lifted chef's hat to wipe the sweat from his brow. "The kitchen gets so hot, it's starting to make me feel drowsy."

	Shinden chuckled. "Is that why you took so long to finish icing that draolf's pies? Honestly, had I known you were gonna be so slow, I would have brought a book or something."

	"Hey, you know as well as I do that it takes time and effort to make something really worthwhile," the light-hued fox retorted. "Besides, did you see the look on his face when I finished? I'd say he thought the extra time really paid off, am I right?"

	The uniformed wolf snorted yet again and shook his head. "Have you seen your bakery, man? Or rather, the customers it attracts? Something tells me they don't care if their food comes in 30 minutes or 30 seconds, as long as they get to eat something."

	As much as Chris wanted to come back with a clever retort, he had to agree that Shinden had a fair point. Nearly everyone that entered his bakery was somewhat on the wide side. Just looking into the eatery, he could see proof that his food attracted the heavier folk, such as the grey wolf with goggles who looked absolutely squished in his booth for four while he shoveled donuts into his greedy maw at a mind-boggling rate. Heck, even the black and grey draolf from before wasn't even the fattest fur to saunter into his bakery, and yet the corpulent canine was having trouble trying to squeeze his way through the doorway. "Well, obviously my cooking attracts the right crowd. I must be doing something right if the heftier ones are enjoying my pastries. Fat furs eat the most, after all, so seeing them choose my bakery over others is the best compliment a baker can get!"

	"That's one way to look at it, I guess." Shinden snickered. "Actually, speaking about your pastries, there's something I wanted to talk to you about." Clearing his throat, the fanged wolf stood up straighter and adopted a more serious expression. "Earlier today, a chubby green skunk broke into the hanger and tried to make off with some very important airplane parts, probably to sell them on the black market or something. We managed to corner him, but he managed to run past us and escape, dropping everything he was carrying. This is one of the objects he was holding." Shinden reached into his coat and produced a small plastic bag with a donut inside of it. "Neither me nor my colleagues had ever seen a donut like it before, so we were wondering if you could tell us if you knew anything about it. Did you, by any chance, make this for a chubby green skunk?"

	Tilting his head, Chris took the bag from his friend and pulled the pastry out, eyeing it curiously. "This isn't like anything I've ever seen before, to be honest," he muttered as he flipped the strangely shaped donut around. "It's much rounder than a donut I would make… and surprisingly squishy. It's almost like holding a water balloon. There's no frosting on it either, and I can honestly say I haven't had a request to not add frosting to any donuts within the past year or so." The baker fox continued to inspect the strange pastry, poking and rubbing the strange orb of dough. After a while, Chris sighed and rested the donut on the counter, folding his ears in shame. "Sorry man, but I have no idea where the skunk, or anyone for that matter, could have gotten this donut. If I had to guess, it was probably homemade."

	"Yeah, that figures," Shinden exhaled the breath he didn't know he was holding. "And I was really looking forward to tracking down that fat bastard myself… well at least we probably scared him off. I doubt he'd be coming back for a while."

	"I'm still really sorry I couldn't help you, man. Do you want anything while you're here, at least? I have some left-over cookies if you'd like some."

	To Chris's joy, the wolf pilot's smile returned to his face. "Nah, no thank you. I'm on a really strict diet. I can't grow an ounce over 200 pounds, or else I'll stay grounded. Why don't you help yourself to your own cooking?"

	"Um, maybe because I don't want to end up looking like one of my customers?" Chris chuckled.

	"Oh, don't say that. You know what they say: 'never trust a skinny chef.' I don't see the problem with you filling out your apron a little more, pal. Your coworker seems to understand," Shinden smirked, pointing to the chef working the register next to Chris: a mighty dragonite named Luke who was having trouble reaching over the counter without his hefty stomach pressing into it. 

	"One more word out of you and I'll personally feed you until you can't even fit in one your jets again," Chris teased right back.

	Shinden gasped in mock surprise and backed away, holding up his paws defensively. "Hey man, that's a pretty serious threat, considering what I've been through."

	"Exactly, so get your skinny butt out of here while you can still fit through the door!" The baker fox shouted right back, laughing at his friend's reaction. Oh, what he wouldn't give to see Shinden's uniform rip right off the pilot's fattened body. He can imagine it now, standing on top of the wolf's massive belly, laughing maniacally as he crammed in donut after donut after-

	"Wait a sec!" Chris called out, almost forgetting something important. "You forgot your donut." 

	"Eh, keep it." Shinden shrugged as he walked towards the door, almost bumping into a whale-like white wolf. "You said you've never seen it before, right? Why not make it into a recipe or something?"

	"Oh, alright," the golden fox muttered as he glanced back at the strange pastry. The more he looked at it, the weirder it appeared as more details made themselves apparent to the experienced baker's eyes. For example, the color of the dough looked much darker than the average brown donut. The surface was also much crustier than an average sweet roll, confirming his suspicions that it was, indeed, homemade. With a sigh, Chris pushed the pastry aside. As much as he'd love to start dissecting the confection like a biology major dissecting a frog, he knew he had to wait until after today's shift. And judging by the size of the white wolf that waddled up to the counter, he figured it would be a loooong shift. 



	"Hey boss? I just finished cleaning out the storage room. Is there anything else you need me to take care of?"

	Chris almost didn't hear his corpulent coworker's question as he leaned against the crumbly counter, rubbing his sore paws. It turns out the giant wolf was the first of many to order a heaping helping of pastries, resulting in some very busy work. Even now, the yellow fox's wrists ached at the thought of icing another pie. Wiping his sweaty brow, he turned towards the fat dragonite and nodded. "Yeah, can you refill the jelly vat before you leave? After that you're free to go."

	"Sure thing, boss!" Luke smiled and disappeared back into the storage room, Leaving Chris alone in the bakery. With a hearty sigh, the baker canine placed his hat on the counter and wiped his sweaty forehead. Even with the AC running full power, the room quickly warmed up to well above 90 degrees due to all of the heated appliances running at the same time. "You can't be a baker unless you've experienced the sensation of being cooked in an oven," Chris would often joke whenever someone asked him to lower the thermostat. Of course, that someone never looked too happy with that response, but that didn't stop him from thinking it was funny.

	Chris was about to reach for a clean rag to wipe the counter with when his eyes drifted over to the bag Shinden left him. Wagging in anticipation, the baker fox quickly snatched the bag and opened it yet again, carefully grabbing the strange pastry. After waiting almost all day to finally get a chance to dissect the weird donut, Chris found himself unable to stand still. He had been thinking nonstop about the mystery behind the dessert. Why would a thief bring it into a maximum-security base? Was there a reason why it was the only thing left behind? Why did it look so fresh despite being jostled around by the thief?

	Chris was getting so excited just looking at the pastry that he was considering getting gloves before handling it further. The rounder design and squishier texture was something he had never seen before. Maybe he could implement it into his menu. Sure, he would be taking credit for someone else's idea, but it's not really stealing if it's from a thief, right? 

	At first, the fox was considering grabbing a knife and cutting the donut open, but upon further thinking, he thought it may be more fun just to bite into it. Logically, he knew it was a very foolish decision, but he had already brought the pastry to his lip before he could think otherwise. Chris sniffed at the donut first, a silly habit all canines possess when trying out a new treat, before opening wide and chomping down onto the donut.

	His eyes went wide as he was immediately overwhelmed with a small torrent of jelly gushing into his maw, as if the donut were simply a balloon that popped inside his mouth. Chris's cheeks instantly puffed outward with the sweet substance, his muzzle completely full of jelly within half a second. Still in shock, the yellow fox swiftly swallowed that mouth full, and the one after that… and the one after that! He would find his maw refilling with even more jelly, no matter how quickly he gulped down the gelatinous substance. What should have been one small mouthful swiftly turned into a torrent of thick, goopy jelly, making it difficult for him to keep his mouth latched onto the filling treat. Chris was absolutely horrified that the strange donut he bit into was a trap, and while the filling was indeed quite tasty, if a little on the bitter side, he wanted nothing more than to pull the monster pastry away from his filling muzzle. However, if he did that, he risked spilling the purple goo onto his recently cleaned counters and floor. It takes hours to get them to shine, especially after a day of having his gluttonous customers stuff their messy faces right above the surface. He didn't care if he ate enough to burst, this fox was not gonna mess up his workplace!

	After what felt like hours, when in reality it was merely a few minutes, the torrent of purple slime slowed to a halt, leaving behind a very bloated canine holding a very deflated donut. Chris groaned and dropped the empty pastry onto the floor, slumping against the wall as he rubbed his swollen stomach. He felt like he swallowed a basketball, and it certainly looked that way if his painfully tight waistband was any indication. "Oh man.. that was awfurrrrrap!" the yellow fox mumbled as he compelled himself to relax, his breathing slowing down. With some difficulty, he managed to bend over and reach around his taut stomach to grab the donut, which was nothing more than a pile of crispy dough at this point. Shrugging indifferently, he tossed the skins into the wastebasket. "At least that's over with."

	Aw hell nah, baby, the party's just begun!

	Every fur on Chris's body stood rigid in fear as the strange, bubbly voice manifested out of nowhere. Tense with renewed anxiety, the stuffed vulpine slowly surveyed his empty bakery, only to find it as empty as the donut he just threw away. "M-must be my imagination, r-right?"

	Fool, I ain't nobody's imagination! I'm as real as your stupid hat!

	This time, Chris let out a resounding scream loud enough to startle the deaf as he heard the voice yet again, this time much clearer than before. Biting his lip fearfully, he slowly looked down at himself, and-

	Quit lookin' at me like that, fool! Ya makin' me feel weird!

	Sure enough, it was his belly talking to him, as strange as that sounds. The poor fox nearly fainted as he stared at his exposed stomach, feeling it gurgle and rumble every time it spoke to him. "U-uum… Sorry?" he mumbled, turning his head away while still looking down at himself. "It's just… uh… I've never heard my stomach talk before… so..."

	Before he could continue with his shambled mess of an apology, his belly let out a booming laugh, startling the poor fox even more. 

	Eyaheaheaheahah! Are you fo' real, man? I ain't your stomach, ya pipsqueak! I'm the demon trapped inside that stupid prison. I've waited ne-

	"D-D-DEMON!?" Chris screamed again as he fell onto his rump with a noisy THUMP, too horrified by his bulging tummy to feel any pain. "P-p-please d-don't haunt me, I-I have so m-much to live for!" The stuffed fox suddenly found himself shivering uncontrollably, his teeth chattering too violently to allow him to speak any further.

	In response to the baker's panicky cries, the haunted belly let out a low gurgle, sounding akin to a sigh. 

	Would you relax yourself? Ya soundin' like you saw a ghost or somethin'. I ain't gonna kill you or nuttin, geez. I sorta need you unharmed, ya know?

	"Oh… that's a relief," Chris let out a sigh he didn't know he was holding and rested a paw on his stomach. "Sorry for acting a little paranoid, Demon Sir. Today's been a really long day, so I'm a little out of it. It's not every day a demon force feeds itself into you, after all," the fox let out a chuckle, waiting for a response from his new belly buddy. When he got none, he wiggled himself upright and poked his stomach. "So, uh, if you're not gonna haunt or kill me, what will you be doing instead?"

	I'm gonna take over yer body and use it to grow more powerful. Duh.

	"Oh, wonderful…" Fear and horrid anticipation quickly returned to the poor fox as he felt his belly start to rumble audibly yet again, quaking right beneath his paws. Chris closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, waiting for something horrible to happen, but instead of being tormented with an agonizing amount of pain like he thought, his stuffed stomach started to feel… emptier! Opening an eye, the baker watched as his stomach started to shrink, although it was quickly evident where all of the mass was disappearing too. His shirt felt tighter around his sleeves, his pants feeling much smaller than before, his arms and legs growing heavier and wider. Even his angular face began to look softer and rounder than before. The demon wasn't leaving his body, it was making him fatter!

	Wanna hear a lil' secret about us Jelly Demons? It whispered menacingly, its voice materializing from inside Chris's head. Naturally, the poor fox shook his head no, bunching up his brand new neck rolls, but the spirit continued talking. Anything that enters your body, I can control, even if I turn it into blubber! Check this out!

	Without warning, Chris found himself flung onto his feet, the chubby vulpine squeaking and flailing his thick arms uncontrollably. "W-woah! Can you warn me before you do that?" He wobbled back and forth, unused to his new heavier body.

	It ain't my fault you got weak legs, kiddo! 

	Much to his discomfort, the fox suddenly felt himself lurching forward yet again, his rounder legs moving on their own. Every step he took brought chills down his spine as much as it jiggled his backside. The poor baker wasn't in control of his body, no matter how hard he fought against the cruel being inside of him. "Now what are you doing?" he groaned, more in annoyance than in fear.

	Cantcha hear? We're gonna get me stronger. Only then can the real party start!

	"And you need to be in the storeroom for that?" Chris was already partially inside the room when he said that, desperately clinging to the doorway in order to slow himself down. Unfortunately, his fat proved to be stronger than his muscles in this place as the demon wrenched his arms away, sending him stumbling further into the cramped area. "What could a demon need from a bakery to grow stronger?" Chris thought to himself as his head swiveled around the room. Wouldn't an evil spirit require some unholy relics or something to grow more powerful? The only things in sight were several containers full of icing, dough, ingrediants, and a large vat of- "Oh, no…"

	Oh, yes!

	Chris knew exactly what the demon was looking for as he locked eyes on it: a giant, cylindrical container full of grape jelly. Due to being recently refilled by Luke just a few moments ago, the glass was almost overflowing with fresh purple filling. "No, no, nu uh, there is now way," the baker kept muttering as he slowly waddled towards it, his stomach aching all over again. With the last of his strength, he tried forcing his head and body away from the container. Unfortunately, it didn't stop his arms and legs for reaching out for the vat, making the fox look like some strange fat zombie. 

	What did I tell ya before, fool? I ain't gonna kill ya off, alright? Just sit back and relax, Mister Demon and Mister Fox are gonna have a lil snack before we go out partying! 

	At this point, Chris was trembling with fear and exertion as he struggled to force his body away from the looming vessel, which was appearing larger and larger the longer he looked at it. It didn't matter if he exploded or not, there was no way he was walking out of here after eating an entire vat of gelatin! He felt his arms slowly reach for the big lever situated by the bottom of the container. "N-n-no! D-don't do it!" Chris grunted, sweat beading on his forehead as he pulled and pulled at his arms in a last ditch effort to free himself. At first, it was actually working, the fox's grip on the machine starting to loosen up slightly. But sadly, this is a fat fur story, and it wouldn't be very exciting if our protagonist only gained a few pounds, would it? With his energy reserves depleted, Chris relinquished his control over his arms and watched as he opened the vat, preserves spewing outwards.

	As if it had a mind of its own, the jelly rose straight up from the vat, completely defying gravity. It hovered above Chris for a moment, an ominous cloud of purple goo, before a tendril suddenly shot forward and aimed itself straight into the fox's chubby mouth. "Aaaaahmmmmm!" The chubby vulpine found himself unable to move as the torrent of preservatives flew into his mouth even faster than when he bit into the donut earlier. Any normal fur would have been quickly overwhelmed by the ridiculous flow of food, but Chris had the demon inside of him to help coax it down his throat, as well as a little experience from before. Even so, that didn't stop the baker from feeling unbelievably full in just a few seconds. He felt like a water balloon attached to a fire hose, which was an appropriate comparison, seeing as how he was certainly blowing up like on.

	His yellow stomach bulged outwards in front of him, forcing his shirt and apron to ride up along it. Every second that went by, Chris saw his belly grow inch by inch, covering his view of his feet and ground, bit by bit. Had it not been for the demon's influence, he would have quickly fallen onto his heavy tummy due to the sheer weight it carried. Instead, the fattened canine was forced to stand and watch as he himself grew heavier as well, his legs starting to feel a little sore.

	His stomach wasn't the only thing that quickly grew outwards. In order to prevent Chris from going kablooey, the demon metabolized the jelly flowing into his stomach as fast as possible, which wasn't fast enough according to the bloating fox. His tight pants began ripping loudly at the seams, his thigh fat slowly squeezing out of them like dough being squeezed out of a container. His plump ass helped his chubby legs along with tearing up his pants, his moons growing melon-sized in no time flat. The poor fox felt his chubby cheeks blush bright red as he felt a little fresh air down in his captain's quarters, although that was the least of his concerns. With every gulp he took, he found himself losing more and more control. Whereas before he could at least turn his head to try to stem the flow, the fat fox was stuck rooted to the spot, his muzzle opening even wider to allow more jelly into his stomach. Even his throat started swallowing the food on its own, worrying Chris even further that the demon had control over such a sensitive muscle. 

	Aw yeah, baby, yer doin' great! I ain't ever seen anyone glut as much as you! Just think of yerself as a giant yellow pie or somethin', and ya need to be filled before being served.

	Chris wasn't sure he liked how the demon phrased that last part. In fact, he didn't think he liked anything the demon said! The voice inside him grew louder with each passing moment, as well as its influence over the puffed-up fox. To his surprise (and horror), he was starting to strangely enjoy his situation! Maybe it was the demon inside him controlling his mind, but Chris felt his fluffy tail wag a bit from in between his giant cheeks. It was oddly pleasing to feel his stomach constantly on the verge of bursting, yet continuing to spill outwards in front of him like an over-inflated yoga ball. He felt relieved as the rest of his pants finally rip to shreds, freeing up his tree trunk thighs and watermelon ass. It was fun seeing his shirt tear apart as well, the torn fabric hiding in his ever-growing rolls. He could no longer bend or move his cylindrical arms, as they were too fat to even move them off of his comfy love handles, but it didn't matter since he didn't have control of them in the first place. 

	There ya go, now ya getting' the hang of it! Just stand back and relax while I fill you up nice and plump. You'll be the finest host a demon like me could ask for!

	Yeah, that does sound nice. Chris smiled and closed his eyes while drinking up the viscous liquid, dimples forming in his round cheeks. He could feel himself continuously swelling out in all directions, rising like bread with too much yeast. After finally relaxing, the obese fox could finally taste the deliciously sweet jelly entering his maw, overflowing his taste buds with the delicate, yet exuberant taste. It was a shame he didn't try his pastries more often, they really were something else! The drunken fox almost giggled when he felt his rump start to spill onto one of the shelves behind him, spilling the ingredients onto the floor. He was such a biiiiig pie fox, and he was only going to grow bigger and bigger and bigger….

	That is, until his source of jelly ran out.

	Chris continued sucking on the air after his stream of preservatives ran out, seemingly oblivious to the lack of any foodstuffs. It was only after he opened his eyes did he see where the jelly really went. 

	Once he got a good look at his body, Chris felt like a weight had suddenly landed on his head, while an even bigger one fell onto his stomach! He was immense! A giant yellow ball of pure fur and fat! His globular cheeks wobbled heavily against his muzzle, yet still melded onto his rounded shoulders. His multiple chins all fused together into one mighty roll of fat, resting on his chest and sticking out further than even his nose. Each of his moobs were larger than any pillow, and were completely covered in the remains of his shirt. His fluffy tail was almost completely buried between his ample rump and his accordion-like back rolls. His love handles extended outwards to form a hoola-hoop-ring shape of fat around his midsection, large enough to rest his arms on. And his belly, oh what a belly it was. If his pectorals were pillows, than his stomach was a king sized bed! The four-foot wide ball of blubber was mere inches away from touching the ground. As if realized it was just being noticed now, the yellow dome let out a shockingly loud gurgle, trembling the fox and anything within a ten-foot radius. 

	Aww, yeah! Now that's what I'm talkin' about! 

	Poor Chris didn't share with the demon's enthusiasm about his new body. He was easily the fattest fur he had ever seen, and that was saying something, considering the heaping amount of overweight animals that entered his bakery. The spherical fox dreaded the day he wouldn't be able to reach past his stomach, but right now he was lucky if he could be able to reach around his moobs! Unfortunately, his arms were far too large for such complicated movements, each segment of his limbs looking like heavily inflated swimming floaties. With how much his giant thighs melded and squished together, as well as how heavy his two ton ass was, it was amazing he was able to stand at all.

	His amazement only increased as he found himself walking forward. 

	"What are you doing no-URRAAWRP!" Chris gasped, intimidated by his own belch. From deep inside his volminous gut, he heard the same cackling laughter as before.

	Eyaheaheaheahah! Didn't I tell you before, sucka? The party's only just beginning! We're gonna keep this ball rollin' all through the night!

	"Y-you can't be serious!" The elephantine fox whimpered as he waddled out towards the back garage, the only exit he could still fit through. He was already so huge, there was no way he could get any bigger! As if to augment his point further, Chris felt his flabby sides brush through the shelves on his way out the garage, spilling all sorts of ingredients around. A few boxes of raw dough even landed onto his shelf of a stomach, before falling off due to the constant wobbling his body was going through. It was embarrassing to imagine how many items he could fit inside his numerous rolls, now that they were deep enough to lose an arm. With a sad sigh, Chris faced forward as he stepped outside, the pavement tickling his underbelly as he uncontrollably waddled his way towards the next building.



	"Ah, nothing like the smell of a clean hangar in the morning!"

	Shinden smiled to himself as he walked underneath his jet, reaching a paw up to rub his claws alongside the wings. After yesterday's disappointingly short day, the sabertooth wolf was itching to soar into the sky once again, and today was the perfect day for it. Sunny skies, no wind, low humidity and temperatures, everything an experienced pilot would love to hear before taking off. Of course, there were reports of a few earthquakes last night, but that didn't concern him one bit. He was flying, not driving! 

	Eager to start his scheduled flight, Shinden popped open the cockpit hatch and readily hopped inside, powering up his vehicle as fast as his fingers could move. He was rewarded with the sight of several screens flicking on at once, illuminating his happy face. "System check initiated. I'm green across the board," he announced into his microphone to the furs at ground control monitoring his test run. 

	"Acknowledged, you may begin your test flight."

	Shinden's engines were blazing before they even ended their sentence. He was impatient, and rightfully so. The wolf pilot had been grounded for far too long, but not for long. Giddy with excitement, Shinden found himself bouncing in his seat slightly as he slowly pushes his jet forward, watching as the hanger doors opened up to reveal… well… definitely not the runway. 

	"Durf!" Shinden gasped as he looked outside the hangar, his jaw dropping onto his lap. Lying right in front of the door was a massive yellow blob that dominated his view of the outside. Foregoing his plans of flying, the big-toothed wolf powered down his jet and vaulted out, sprinting towards the shapeless mass before him. As he ran closer to the jiggling object, Shinden began noticing several interesting features, including two bulbous shapes jetting out from each side of the blob, each with five sausage-like fingers. Towards the far right end was a tiny black dot poking out from under two basketball-sized orbs, looking very similar to a nose. And with that, Shinden figured out what the blob was.

	"Holy crap! Chris, is that you?!" Shinden cried out as he ran towards what he assumed was the fox's head. During a single night, the baker manage to expand from a thin figure into a shapeless blob! Chris was nearly the size of a hot air balloon, fat spilling out dozens of feet in every direction. His belly bulged upwards several stories high, eclipsing not only the hangar, but the entire base with its sheer size! Each of his arms and legs were wider than trampolines, rippling and jiggling along with the fatty body it was attached to. The strangest part of all was that he was still growing, despite just lying there on the ground! Shinden noticed his feet were started to be covered by the advancing yellow flab, the fox's stomach rising further still as if he were a muffin being raised due to the sun's heat.

	Upon hearing the familiar voice, Chris turned his head as far as his massive neck would allow and grinned sheepishly, deep indentations appearing on his bathtub-sized cheeks. "Hey man, what's up? You're looking a little pale."

	For a moment, neither canine said anything to watch other, each of them simply maintaining eye contact. After said moment, however, Shinden quickly buckled over and fell onto his pillowy friend in a fit of laughter. "Bwahahaha! Are you serious, dude? Are you really gonna ignore the elephant in the room, or in this case the whale? How the hell did you get so friggin huge!"

	Chris found himself chuckling along with Shinden as he watched his friend accidently fall into one of his folds, the wolf's laughter muffled by the thick rolls of fat. "Well, get out of my chins and maybe I'll tell you. It's a long story, however, so sit tight."

	And so, Chris told the tale of how a jelly demon infiltrated his body and forced him to break into bakery after bakery, gobbling up any jelly in sight. With every ounce of the preservatives eaten, the monster grew stronger while the fox grew heavier. While the demon began possessed unimaginable power, it's overwhelmingly-fat host proved difficult to control, tiring the little devil immensely. After nearing the size that he was now, Chris body was simply too fat to move, leaving him stranded on his back in the middle of a runway while on his way to the next bakery. 

	While it sounded like a strange tale, Shinden listened attentively as he sat on the blubbery behemoth's swollen chest, sinking into the furry flab up to his waist. Meanwhile, several other pilots who were curious about what all the commotion was began exploring the land whale, poking and prodding the jiggly mass curiously. Some even began climbing onto his towering stomach, using his squishy flab as hand and footholds. Chris wondered if they got a wonderful view from atop his 70 foot wide belly, but also hoped they didn't fall into his cavernous belly button. 

	"God damn, dude. It sounds like you've had a long night. I honestly thought I was the one who was gonna be fattened in this story," Shinden muttered, breaking the forth wall and effectively destroying any emersion the reader might have had. "What happened to your demon friend? Is he still gonna try and conquer the world or whatever?"

	"Nah, I wouldn't worry about him," Chris chuckled as he looked down at himself, his vision mostly consisting of nothing but yellow. "After I got to a certain size, my blubber started to drown out his voice. I can't hear a thing he's saying, even if I wanted to. Sometimes, I'll feel him stirring around, but that doesn't do much other than make me wobble a bit more than before."

	"Oh… and you're fine with that?"

	"Yeah, I hate that guy!" Chris chuckled softly, sending waves across his bloated figure. Oops, hopefully he didn't throw the climbers off of him. "He was a major pain in the ass, constantly talking about parties and power. I'll gladly become a building if it means never hearing from him again… I'm just worried about what's gonna happen to my bakery." He heaved a mighty sigh, quivering his stomach further. Maybe he should give out a warning to the climbers before he jiggles himself…

	"Hey man, don't worry about it. You did a good thing, locking up that demon yet again," Shinden smiled as he playfully patted the fox's snout, surprised how even that felt much squishier than before. "I'm sure Luke can handle the bakery just fine, he seems like a talented baker. And besides, I have a job for you now. Remember how I was telling you about those skydiving cushions we were missing yesterday?"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/20312334/