Gotta go fat!

My first Sonic fat story, which was certainly a lot of fun to write. It's great to tease and allude to other Sonic games while watching the blue blur turn into a blue blob. I'm ashamed at myself for taking too long and for making this speedwrite into something way longer than intended, but I guess this is pretty much per the course with me. Commission for  shadowofdreams thanks again for being super patient! I hope you all enjoy!



	It was another sunny day in the vibrant and colorful land known as Mobius. The flowers bloomed along the checker-boarded ground, spinning once every five frames as they have been known to do. The blue birds flew overhead the serene scenery, singing their beautiful calls from their massively oversized heads. All in all it was a very calming sight to behold, which was rather unfitting for the chaos currently transpiring. 

	“Muahahahaha! So, Sonic, you believe you can defeat me this time?” Dr. Ivo Robotnik cackled with glee, his mustached lip twitching into a menacing grin. Currently, the mad scientist sat loftily aboard his Egg Mobile, the black spherical ship hovering several meters above the ground, out of reach for a particular hedgehog. 

	“What kind of trick question is that?” The aforementioned hedgehog spat back, crossing his gloved hands in typical defiance. His sass and ego practically bled from his words as he stared up at the floating black sphere. “Actually, I can give you a better question: when haven’t I defeated you? Excluding the time Dark Gaia gave you the boot himself, I’d say you have me to thank for undoing your evil schemes.”

	The blue hedgehog smirked as he could see the doctor clench his fists in rage. “Hmmf, I’ll admit if you’ve had a hand in my, erh, multiple defeats. However, this time you won’t be able to run past the length of a football field without begging me for mercy!”

	Robotnik swiftly regained composure as he leaned forward in his Egg Mobile, his sinister smile returning. “You see, I’ve been analyzing the footage from our previous encounters, everything from when I first revealed my plans to right after you foil them! I’ve worked hard and diligently on figuring out how you managed to snatch victory straight out of the jaws of defeat, a feat that should be impossible even with your speed! But, what you didn’t expect is for me to crack the code to your strength! After years and years of duels and battling, I’ve finally discovered the source of your power: rings!”

	“…Excuse me? You know that’s not exactly a sec-“

	“Quiet you! I will not have my achievements be overshadowed by you anymore!” Robotnik shouted, pointing an accusatory finger at his rival. “One look at the world before you should tell you everything you need to know; that I’ve taken every single ring from it and hidden them away where you will never see them again! Every. Single. Ring! You’ll never see the glimmer of hope, or the rings for the entirety of your journey!”

	Robotnik let out a whooping laugh, throwing his arms into the air as if to signify his magnificence. At last, he had done it! He had finally broken Sonic’s will to fight! The malignant blue hedgehog continued staring up at him, probably in shock and awe at how impressive his wit was!

	“Is that all…?”

	“Whaaaat?! What do you mean ‘Is that all?’” The egg-shaped doctor cried out, his overflowing confidence slowly draining away. “I’ve taken away your source of energy! Without a ring, there’s nothing to protect you from being shish-kabob on a spike, o-or trampled by my minions, or-“

	Before Robotnik could ramble on, Sonic held up a single finger, silencing the enraged madman. “Actually, Eggman, I don’t think you get it. You’ve thrown so many robots and other obstacles at me for years now, to the point where I’ve practically memorized your attack pattern, to the point where I feel like I’m in your mind! For example,” Sonic pointed several meters in front of him at the strange loop-de-loop structure before him. “At the end of that loop is a pair of spikes that shoot upwards as soon as I run over them, correct?”

	“They’re very sharp spikes, Sonic. Very sharp-“

	“Ok, whatever. Sharp spikes, sure. And if I jump over them, there’s a flying bug-shaped robot ready to shoot me with a lightning ball, right?”

	“Ohohoho! There’s no way you could defeat such strategic planning, Sonic!”

	“Yeah, well I beg to differ, Egghead. Like I said, I’ve practically learned the ins and outs of your little tricks to the point where I can predict the next time you’re gonna use the bathroom… which is in 10 minutes, by the way. In fact, even if you didn’t take all the rings, I had a bet with Tails that I could run through this entire labrynth without picking up a single ring for three chili dogs!”

	As Sonic spoke, Robotnik face grew redder and redder, looking like an angry tomato ready to explode. How could this be that the plans schemed by an individual who possessed an I.Q of over 300 could be memorized by a 3 foot tall rat?! He was trembling with rage so hard, the Egg Mobile rattled beneath his quivering form. Before he could tear off his mustache and call it quits, however, the scientist thought about what Sonic just said, namely, the last little bit about chili dogs. His mighty brain quickly replayed the footage he spent so many hours memorizing, looking back at all the times when Sonic wasn’t running, when he was instead hanging out with friends eating his favorite treats. Yes, it appears as if he may be able to salvage a victory from the wreckage of his failed plan after all.

	“Alright, Sonic, you’ve forced my hand!” Robotnik called out after a brief pause, his sinister smile returning once he saw he caught the hedgehog’s attention. “I didn’t want to resort to this, but if I can’t beat you with my normal tactics, than I shall try psychological warfare instead! You haven’t won yet, you annoying little pincushion!” And with that, the Eggman flew off as fast as he could, eager to fly out of earshot so he could have the last laugh. He had a plan, but he had to act swiftly if he was to pull it off properly. Robotnik’s heart pounded furiously in his chest, the fat man rubbing his palms together greedily. There was still time to beat Sonic once and for all… but first, a quick stop to the restroom. He really had to go all of a sudden…


	“Well, that was… unsettling,” Sonic thought to himself as he blasted through the world at mach speed, the blue hedgehog dashing through the level at an unprecedented velocity. Normally, Sonic would be having the adrenal rush of a lifetime when he ran through Eggman’s labrynths: dodging hanging saw blades at the last second, jumping over massive chasms, plowing through hordes of robots with sheer speed and force alone. However, after so much experience of dealing with the mad doctor, it all became second nature to the point where it was all almost boring. Heck, he could probably fall asleep halfway through the level and wake up on the other side without a scratch. Sure enough, the only notable change in the course was the lack of any rings; however, Sonic did not expect a replacement to said rings .

	Skidding to a halt, the blue hedgehog looked up to see three floating objects in a row, something gold and shining, yet they clearly weren’t rings. “What the… are those chilidogs?” Sonic leapt towards one and grabbed it, carefully observing the strange hotdog. Sure enough, it was what it was: a frank wedged in between two buns, loaded with tons of beans and cheese. Clearly, this was all some sort of trap, with Eggman’s words still echoing within Sonic’s brain, yet a low growl from his cream-colored stomach reminded him of the last time he ate. “Well, I did skip breakfast,” the hedgehog muttered, looking for any logical reasoning he could to eating what was surely a trap. “Psychological warfare” the nutty professor had said earlier, which could mean these chili dogs were laced with a hallucinogenic. Nonetheless, Sonic’s hunger and arrogance overwhelmed his skepticism, and with a few short bites the chilidog had disappeared into his gullet. 

	“Hmm, coulda used mustard,” Sonic remarked to himself as he grabbed the second and third chilidogs, devouring them like the first. He didn’t expect a grand cuisine of any sorts, but he still felt the franks were a little bland, even if they were his favorite food. Regardless, free chilidogs were free chilidogs. Patting his abdomen fondly, the blue hedgehog quickly revved up his legs before rocketing off like a racecar, leaving behind a very long series of tire-like skid marks. 

	To Sonic’s delight, the chilidogs had no notable side effects on his body; on the contrary, he felt faster and more energetic than ever! His legs were a seamless blur beneath his body, carrying him so quickly that he outran the explosions he caused just from running into badniks! “Maybe those chilidogs are some kinda new powerup,” Sonic thought to himself as he casually ran along  the wall of a factory, effortlessly dodging the 5 ton semi driving behind him. Mentally shrugging, Sonic leapt off the wall onto a platform below and sped along, ignoring the sparks forming from the saw blades grinding along the metal floors in an attempt to snag the blue hedgehog. 

	Shortly after, the speedster ran across another cluster of three chilidogs, sending him into yet another eating frenzy followed by another burst of speed. With every hotdog he ate, Sonic felt filled with more and more energy, making most stages a total breeze. In a way, he felt like the blue version of another iconic videogame character known for eating lots of power-ups. Granted, he was starting to feel a little bloated after his eight chilidog, but that didn’t slow him down… at least, not at first. 

	Around his 12th chilidog, Sonic starting hearing a strange wheezing noise as he dashed through Act 2. At first, he assumed it was the sound of steam escaping from the vents he was using to vault over large platforms, but that didn’t quite make sense, seeing as how he couldn’t hear the rest of the environment due to his supersonic speeds. Soon, that wheezing noise escalated into a sudden gasp, and just like that, Sonic realized that wheezing was actually the sound of his own panting. 

	Upon that realization, Sonic slid to a stop in time to feel his heart pounding painfully in his chest, as well as his legs feeling unnaturally sore. Not only that, but stopping felt a little too easy. Normally, the blue hedgehog would have to shift himself as he slid on the hard ground, but this time he almost fell forward from how quickly he decelerated. Flailing his arms in a desperate bid to regain his balance, Sonic took a moment to look down at himself… only to gasp in dismay.

	He knew he was bloated, but not this severely! His cream-colored gut bulged out past his elbow and even sagged a bit over his waist. Speaking of elbow, his once-twig like limbs were now coated with a thick layer of pudge, forming thick rolls around the hedgehog’s elbow whenever he extended his arm. His long legs fared slightly better, considering how much he ran, and yet a pair of tube-shaped thunder thighs were starting to form. There was no denying where that extra unused energy was being stored. 

	“W-woah, I really… put on a few,” Sonic gripped his pudgy belly softly, feeling the soft folds squish in his fingers. It was almost surreal, seeing himself bloated to the size of an overinflated stuffed animal. He didn’t even know it was possible to gain weight if he could run across a continent in mere hours! This was starting to turn into a horrible nightmare he had a few weeks back where all of the rings were instead turned into onion rings.

	“Alright, stay cool Sonic. It’s just a bit of pudge, no big deal. I can run this off in 2 seconds flat,” the blue blur muttered to himself as he sped off. Unfortunately, as he quickly learned, that was much easier said than done. Even with his somewhat reduced speed, Sonic ran past rows upon rows of floating chilidogs, just the sight of which made the hedgehog’s mouth water. He knew those hotdogs tasted bland and stale compared to literally any other hotdog he’s eaten, but something about the way they floated within arms reach, the way they radiated golden light, that just made him desperate for more. After slowing to another wheezy halt after a mere 5 minutes of jogging, Sonic subconsciously reached for a nearby chilidog and gobbled it up in three large bites. 

	Everything went downhill from there, both literally and metaphorically. The rest of Zone 2 was primarily declining slopes, making it easier for the out of shape hedgehog to slowly trudge along, eating every chilidog within his vicinity. As a result, the increased rate of consumption was inversely related to Sonic’s running speed. In other words, the more Sonic ate, the slower he ran. 

	That wasn’t the only notable change, however. Sonic’s already chubby body gradually filled out like a big blue water balloon as he went on as he continued to dine and dash, his chubby potbelly swiftly expanding into a full on gut. On the other side of the swelling hedgehog stood a massive rump the size of two balloons, each cheek shifting up and down in disunity as he “ran.” Right above the plump cheeks, his accordion-like back folds squished and kneaded against each other, pressing into his long hair-like head spines. Even his gloves were starting to feel extraordinarily tight against his hands, his chubby wrists warping around the material as he swelled further outward. His feet were undergoing a similar phenomenon, where his thick calves and ankles made running almost painful. To make matters worse, Sonic’s thighs slapped together with every waddling step he took, forcing him to lumber along at an awkward gait that only grew wider as he did. 

	“Why… am I… doing this…?” Sonic gasped for breath as he lazily snatched a chilidog from the air, stuffing it in his maw sloppily. His pudgy face was covered with cheese and meat, yet the fattened speedster paid no mind to the mess. He couldn’t stop himself from eating the endless line of floating hotdogs, no matter how hard he tried to will himself away. It was as if the food was laced with pure nicotine, only several times more potent. With a growing sense of doom, Sonic finally realized just what kind of “psychological warfare” Eggman had in mind as his thoughts slowly clouded over with visions of chilidogs. Delicious, freshly cooked chilidogs filled to the brim with zesty meat and gooey cheese…


	“I can’t believe how well this is working! It’s been well over five hours and yet that annoying blue pest has yet to show his face!” Robotnik chortled loudly as he hovered over the end of the Zone, surveying the area carefully. Normally, the blue blur sped his way through the factory in less than half an hour, so seeing no sign of Sonic brought an even wider grin to the doctor’s face. Had he really done it? Had he actually defeated his arch nemesis once and for all?

	It was a risky strategy, seeing as how Robotnik had to work fast in order to catch up to Sonic, yet it wasn’t anything the genius couldn’t accomplish. It didn’t take long for him to reprogram one of his numerous factories to start cranking out chilidogs fused together with the addicting power of the rings. While the end result was a strange glowing hotdog that both looked and tasted a little strange, Robotnik knew that each of those little suckers was loaded with more carbs than anyone needed in their lifetime, himself included (there was a reason he was nicknamed Eggman, after all). With the power of one of his more powerful fans, Robotnik scattered the strange chilidogs across the entire factory, curious to see if Sonic would take the bait.

	And lo and before, he did. Robotnik let out a squeal of delight as he finally noticed a familiar blue blob appear towards the top of a sloping ramp. To make matters even better, the doctor could see Sonic not running down the ramp or even walking, but rather rolling down like some strange gelatinous blob. Even from such a distance, Robotnik knew that Sonic wasn’t rolling normally, as in curled up into a dangerous spikey ball, but rather simply flopping forward again and again, his incredible weight and girth carrying him down the hill with the aid of gravity. 

Sonic was in a state of perpetual motion, even as he slowed down towards the base of the ramp, his gelatinous body sloshing about as the spherical hedgehog sat and panted. He was an unrecognizable pile of fat and quills, his doughy middle extending far beyond his feet as he heaved and panted. His thick blubber arms rested by his shelf-like lovehandles, far too heavy to lift anymore, which made the hedgehog all the more (un)fortunate that the chilidogs started appearing right before his mouth once his arms grew too heavy to lift above his head. Even if he could move his arms, they wouldn’t be able to reach past his pillowy mobs to wipe the stains that had accumulated there, let alone his enormous stomach. The massive creamy surface quivered with Sonic’s panting, shuffling the thick folds alongside it, completely burying his tree trunk thighs. Even as he sat hunched forward, Sonic’s back fat rose enough to give him his trademark sphere shape, even with a long thick crevice running down his spine, disappearing behind his full moons. He was an enormous, useless pile of fat, and Eggman loved it.

“Oohoho! It seems you’ve taken quite a liking to my little gift for you, hedgeHOG” Robotnik laughed cruelly, pointing a menacing finger at the tired fatty. “Before you pitifully attempt to defeat me, might I suggest running a few miles on a treadmill? That is, if you can find one that can support your fat self!”

Sonic let out a hoggish grunt as he sluggishly looked up at the evil doctor, the simple act of raising his flabby head tiring out the obese hedgehog quickly, his chubby chins wobbling. “Egg…man… I swear, I’m gonna…BWAAAARP!”

“You’re gonna what, burp me to death? While the stench of your breath may knock out a lesser creature, I’m afraid it’s no match for the likes of me!” Robotnik chuckled as he pressed a button on his Egg Mobile, opening a compartment on the bottom of the machine, from which a massive purple rod extended towards the hedgeblob. “Now, be a good useless blob and sit still for me while I deliver my final attack to you!”

Sonic’s lazy eyes briefly widened at the contraption aimed at him, his tired heart pumping slightly quicker in his thick chest. He wouldn’t be able to dodge t his attack, or even raise his arms to block it! His only hope was Eggman’s notoriously bad aim, yet even he would have no problem hitting a massive target like himself! Hell, he was practically twice as wide as he was tall at this point, leaving the doctor no room for error! Closing his eyes, Sonic sat and waited for his demise as the purple rod started glowing, a sure sign of a nasty attack powering up.

Only, no attack came. Instead, Sonic was struck with something other than a laser or a rocket. It was a strange feeling… something he was experienced with, for some reason. But where had he felt this before… what HAD he felt before… what was he doing before… 

Robotnik laughed triumphantly as he watched Sonic’s memory slowly drain away, leaving behind a very confused blob. Once the treatment was finished, the immobile hedgehog tilted his chubby head slowly as he looked up at the doctor, his paw-sized cheek squishing against his broad shoulder. “What am I… doing here?”

“A question I was about to ask you myself!” Robotnik answered confidently, his brilliant mind already forming a brilliant lie. “You were on your way to your next buffet when you accidently, erh, fell through the floor and rolled all the way here! Luckily I, the great and kind Robotnik, will offer to help escort you back to your friends, who I’m sure will be more than willing to help roll you to your next destination!”

Sonic’s great head tilted to the other side, his feeble brain trying to process everything that was going on. He didn’t remember falling through any floor, but then again with his weight, he wouldn’t be surprised if he suddenly fell through the ground again at this very moment. “Actually… can you just take me to the next buffet instead? I don’t think my poor belly can go without food any longer!”

Robotnik’s face lit up as he lowered his Egg Mobile, two massive hands appearing out from the sides. “Of course, my spherical friend!”

And with that, Sonic’s last memories of his former self slowly faded away as he was whisked away by his arch nemesis himself, carried helplessly like an enormous water balloon between two massive hands. His friends, adventures, and other cherished recollections were wiped clean, replaced with those of a gluttonous fat hedgehog’s whose only concern is how long it will take for his new best friend to take him to his next meal.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23227514/