Kihei had always put his peoples' needs before his, so naturally he starts to feel a little guilty when he starts putting on weight. However, little does he know just how important it is for a king to appear as lavishly spoiled as possible. Appearances matter a lot in royal affairs, I suppose. 

My first commission! Thank you to  eyebrawler98 being my first sub- I mean commissioner! I had forgotten how nerve wracking writing these were, I have no idea how other writers, or artists in general, manage it. Hopefully I'll get over it in time.



	Kihei was a little nervous to greet his subjects, a rather usual feeling for a king of ten years. He had no reason to feel so anxious, especially considering that he was on his way to commemorate his ten years in power and not some stiffy business meeting or warcoucil, yet he still couldn’t shake that stiff feeling from his chest. On his long walk to the banquet hall, Kihei occasionally stopped to examine himself on the hallway windows reflection, speaking to the cobalt-hued dragon on the other side as he would his future audience. He told himself again and again that he was fine, but the same nagging question persisted in his mind as it did his predecessors: “Am I doing enough?” 

	The dragon’s uneasiness stemmed from his current workload that came with being a king, or rather a lack thereof. When he became king, Kihei worked tirelessly to improve his kingdom as best as he could. He oversaw the creation of a federal system that allowed smaller administrations to manage each other. For example, an  administration to watch over and approve new construction projects, or to offer emergency funding to failing businesses. It was a tiring process that needed constant fine tuning and refinement, leaving Kihei both physically and emotionally drained all hours of the day, but persistence won out in the end. Soon, the kingdom practically ran itself, and Kihei was finally allowed to relax, but during his leisure time, the anxiety-ridden drake couldn’t help but feel worried that he might be growing a bit too soft. 

	Particularly around his middle. 

	Finding himself with far more freetime than he could manage, Kihei discovered that snacks were the way to go to avoid perpetual boredom. He could sample one of the cook’s newest culinary inventions, for example, or nibble on a few treats during long meetings in order to stimulate himself enough to not pass out. While the effects weren’t too noticeable at first, the dragon started requesting larger servings of snacks more frequently which, on top of the rather grand meals a king like himself would receive, started making their mark around his waistline. 

	Kihei could hear the noise of the dining room just above and stopped in his tracks, the change in momentum sending his hanging paunch into a jiggling frenzy. In just a few moments, everyone behind those enormous double doors would see how fat and lazy their king had grown. There was no denying his soft blue belly that dangled by his knees, or his chubby cheeks that wobbled whenever he spoke. Even his legs had grown doughy and wide, having grown accustomed to relaxing on a throne instead of traversing around town. Would the denizens of his kingdom still recognize him as the king who had put all of his effort into improving their daily lives? Or would they see him as just another monarch fattened off the labors of his people.

	There was only one way to find out. 

	The dining room’s chattering quickly died down as its occupants noticed the door opening, with a familiar wide-eyed dragon poking his chubby head through. Kihei’s imagination ran wild as he quickly waddled towards the podium, thinking about the glares and stares he was bound to receive when he looked out towards the crowd; but as he gripped the ends of the podium and steadied himself onto his hind legs, he was pleasantly surprised to see the exact opposite. Dozens, if not hundreds of faces greeted the dragon, all of them smiling or grinning enthusiastically. Not one single fur in the audience looked put off at their king’s fattened body, although a few chuckled when they noticed how Kihei’s belly squished against the wooden platform. The dragon’s confidence soar even further when he saw his daughter, a bright yellow unicorn with a pink mane and tail, proudly watching her father from the audience. 

	“Good evening, everyone. It’s, uh, it’s wonderful to see so many smiling faces here today,” Kihei smiled back, finding the courage to start his speech. Taking a deep breath, the drake was prepared to continue, but found himself stumbling over his next series of words when he realized just how amazing the room smelled! How had he not noticed the delicious-smelling food littering the tables! Roast beef, mashed potatoes and gravy, corn pudding, all sorts of delightful and filling treats that some of the heavier guests couldn’t help but stare at. Kihei himself didn’t realize he had been gawking at the food until someone clearing their throat loudly; that someone being his daughter. 

	“Well, uh, you see I had this big speech planned about the importance of community and family, but I’m afraid that if I were to continue with it, this wonderful meal that our cooks worked so hard on would grow cold. Trust me when I say that this feast will feature the finest food you’ve ever tasted, I myself have sampled some of it earlier as you can tell,” Kihei gestured towards his quivering gut, blushing as he heard a few chuckles in the audience. Hopefully their laughter drowned out the sound of his stomach rumbling just then. “Well, a speech after a meal isn’t any less important than one before a meal, right? So without further ado, I say we dig in!” 

	A roaring cheer echoed throughout the room as Kihei took his seat at the head of the largest table next to his daughter, who gave him an affectionate nuzzle when he was within reach. Of course, being an exceptionally overweight quadruped, the dragon elected to sit on a pile of cushions instead of a conventional chair; it’d be quite humiliating if he shattered his seat after all. No sooner did he sit, however, was the monarch surrounded by three eager servants, overfilling his plate with plenty of samples. 

	“Sire, you must try this roast turkey. It is simply to die for!”

	“Oh, please try this casserole once you’re done, your highness! I’ve perfected the recipe even further since the last time you tried it!”

	“Won’t you try my specially homemade pumpkin pie, m’lord? I mean, if you still have room of course, but if you could sample just a bite it would certainly make my night!”

	For once, Kihei felt a little overwhelmed from all the food being offered! He had no idea that his constant trips to the kitchen had spurred his chefs to work on creating bigger and better dishes to impress him with. He had planned on eating frugally in order to keep his weight in check, but with his servants’ adoring expressions fixated on him, he knew he couldn’t turn them down! Besides, everyone else he could see were similarly enjoying their meals, so he saw no reason why he couldn’t do the same!

	Grinning back at his guests, Kihei allowed himself to relax a little and endulge a lot, taking big hearty bites out of his meal, all while praising his staff. “Mmmf, cooked to perfection! I can feel the fat melting in my mouth...Ooh, I can taste so many flavors in this casserole, all of which compliment each other fantastically...ah, this pie is sinfully sweet and downright delicious, if a bit on the heavy side. If I wore a belt, I would have to loosen it a strap just to continue eating!”

	It warmed the dragon’s heart to see his praise bring smiles to their faces, even if it meant being offered more food in the process. For every plateful he devoured, two more were offered to him stacked high with delicious meals that blocked his view of the table! Each serving was heavier than the last, each bite loaded with either grease, sugar, fat, or a combination of the three. And while Kihei did an impressive job of stomaching so much food, deep down he knew where all of it was bound to end up. 

	With every meal devoured, the dragon’s stomach swelled out a little bit further, a little bit wider. Inch by inch it covered the carpet beneath him, a resting ball of pudge filling up like a balloon. Kihei tried swallowing his paranoia just as he swallowed a mawful of buttery dinner rolls, but he couldn’t deny that he was getting fatter with every bite. It wasn’t until his belly started pressing against the table did he finally raise a claw towards the next servant. “I really appreciate the food, I truly do, but I’m afraid I need I need to stop here, in fear that I may be mistaken for an overfed cow.” Kihei tried smiling, but it came off more as a grimace. 

	The dragon-wolf hybrid carrying his bacon-wrapped sausages frowned, folding his ears as he prepared to walk away were it not for the princess pressing her hoof against his foot, locking him in place. “Look at his face, father, you’ve hurt the poor boy’s feelings! Won’t you try at least one of his sausages?”

	“I-it’s fine, it’s not a big deal,” the hybrid tried muttering, but another harsh prod from the unicorn’s hoof told him to be silent. “This is the first time we’ve seen you relax in ages, and I know for a fact you’re capable of eating more than that. Are you still fretting about your waistline?”

	Kihei winced, embarrassed once again to hear his fattened belly mentioned once again. “My dear Twirly, of course I’m fretting! Look how much your father, the king I may add, has let himself go!” The obese dragon stood back up to show off his plump frame, his flabby back arched in order to keep his stomach from rubbing against the floor. “I’m the representation of this kingdom, and I need to look orderly and dignified, not spoiled and lazy! If I continued eating like this, I’ll need a team of servants to help pry my fattened rump off my throne! I wouldn’t dream of embarrassing my only daughter with the consequences of my unrestrained gluttony.” The monarch sighed, feeling the end of his belly rub against the ground once more, noticing for the first time just how far he had to spread his thickened legs to make room for it. What a disgrace he must be.

	Twirly seemed to think otherwise. “You’re right about one thing: I am embarrassed. Embarrassed that you don’t seem to realize that you’re getting fat not because you’re lazy and greedy, but just the opposite!”

	Kihei tilted his head, forming thick crevices along his fattened neck. “Uh, could you elaborate for me?” 

	The unicorn sighed. “Don’t you see that we’re able to enjoy this feast because of your hard work? You’ve been telling me how we’ve been breaking record after record when it comes to the sheer amount of crops we’ve harvested recently. Look around you, everyone here is well fed and happy, not just you. Even this servant boy has a bit of a potbelly!”

	The draolf blushed as he bashfully patted his small stomach with his free paw, although he was starting to catch on to what Twirly was trying to say. “Erh, well, that’s true, sir. All of us have been, erh, enjoying the fruits of our labor, so to speak. If even someone as lowly as myself is, uh, putting on a few pounds, then naturally my king should be even more well fed, right? A-and besides, you said that you’re th-the image of the kingdom, right sire? Well, uh, if you’re really really fat, then it shows everyone just how well our country is running… right? Excuse me if I’m speaking out of line, your majesty, but I also think your extra weight looks...really good?” 

	Kihei regarded the duo closely, staring into the fiery gaze of his daughter (and the much less determined look of his servant) before glancing around the rest of the room. Sure enough, he noticed how many of the guests here sported soft bellies, plump cheeks, and cheerful grins. No one seemed to mind their extra poundage; in fact they happily patted their guts as they stuffed themselves, laughing as they recalled times when their clothes still properly fit them. 

	“Well…” The dragon sighed, realizing he had been bested. “I’ll admit, I was enjoying myself earlier, and it’s not so bad to feel rather...soft,” Kihei mumbled as he sat back down, feeling his form jiggle. “Perhaps I could stand to be a little softer. Young draolf, I would love to try your sausages if you would still permit me.”

	The hybrid’s face brightened up. “It would be an honor, sir!” 

	In no time, Kihei was back to eating the ridiculously-sized portions his servants insisted on feeding him, only this time he made sure to ask for more. And more he received. For every server he sent for food, four more would come bearing heaping platters of food fit for a king. A very, very fat king at that. 

	Kihei’s mouth was constantly stuffed full of food, his flabby cheeks bulging like a pair of big blue ornaments. Not a minute went by where he didn’t have a crowd of furs begging him to try their treats, to which the dragon would do just that and leave behind his compliments. However, as time went out, those compliments grew shorter and shorter until they devolved into single phrases such as “Delicious,” “Scrumptious,” or, more commonly, “Can I have more?” 

	All the while the dragon’s stomach ballooned beneath him, a satisfied smirk spreading across his chubby cheeks as he leaned into it like a scaly bean bag chair. His jiggling arms grew sore from carrying such heavy food to his mouth, but he only needed to say the word and the servants happily handfed the king themselves. With his arms free, Kihei was allowed to explore his fresh layers of lard to his heart’s content, feeling his claws dig into the generous layers of folds that covered his body. Sure, he had his doubts, and was a little worried that moving around would become an issue after this feast, but seeing everyone’s smiling faces told him to abandon that fear and to continue enjoying himself. If growing fat would help his kingdom, then he would see to it that he would go down in history as the fattest king to have ever walked, er, waddled the Earth! 

	It didn’t take long for the rest of the room’s occupants to notice where the majority of the food was flowing; it was hard to ignore the sight of their monarch growing wider than the table he ate from. Rather than leave in disgust, the guests cheered with encouragement, many of which wondered to help the servants feed or care for their master. In the midst of his feeding frenzy, Kihei would notice an extra pair of hands wipe crumbs from his chins, or massive his bulbous flanks, all while muttering their praises. “Keep going, sir! We wanna see if you can clear out this entire feast!”

	Kihei wouldn’t leave his spot even if he could, for his belly had started lifting his legs off the ground, leaving him suspended in his own personal island of blubber. Rather then cry out in horror, the obese dragon opened his maw wider, allowing the servants to practically tip their platters of food directly down their king’s gullet. He tried reserving his modesty for as long as possible, but now, having his enormous appetite whetted while surrounded by friends and family alike, he couldn’t help but bellow out a single, selfish order. “More!”

	More was exactly what Kihei received for the next two hours, although they felt like two minutes to the greedy king. Time flies when you’re being spoiled and pampered by two dozen furs. He had been completely unaware of how much time had passed until he noticed the steady influx of food had been reduced to a trickle. When he opened his eyes, the dragon was shocked to see the draolf servant from earlier having to reach above his head in order to reach his muzzle.

	He was a blob. He didn’t need a mirror to tell him that, for just by wiggling his limbs and feeling the ripples spread across his mass told him his size. Before this feast he could have still fit in his throne, but now he could crush it with half of his entire mass! He could even feel Twirly laying next to his side, using his rolling belly like a mattress! He couldn’t move his neck an inch, which left him with a somewhat narrow cone of vision thanks to his basketball-sized cheeks pressing into his muzzle. He was absolutely, truly, one gluttonous beast of a king, and boy did it feel great!

	He would have spent the night smiling to himself had he not felt a tug on his suspended sausage of an arm, followed by a familiar voice. “My lord, now that you have finished your feast, shall I summon the servants to help roll you back to bed?” 

	Kihei regarded the enormous doors he had walked through on his way to the dining room and chuckled. “They are welcome to try.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/29062101/