Ayo! Excited to finally announce the start of my Bowser day YCH! It's been a while since I've done a YCH story on my own, so please bear with me here, haha. 

Anyways, the winning bidder gets to pick from a list of story prompts that I'll list below, with their character filling the YCH role. 

Prompts: 

1. Bowser needs help coming up with ways to kidnap Peach and conquer the Mushroom Kingdom, and he's hired YOU to help him! However, what he doesn't know is that you are a spy working for the Mushroom Kingdom, with the goal of putting the King of Koopas out of commission once and for all, in a nonviolent way. Suggest he start bulking up to get stronger by doubling his meal counts, let him relax after a veeeeeery strenuous workout of one (1) push up, and watch him go from a powerful menace to an out-of-shape lazy tub of lard who would rather pillage refrigerators than kingdoms! 

2. A similar concept to prompt 1, but this time, Bowser is TRYING to put on weight! We've heard of Mario Party, Mario Golf, Mario Kart, etc. But what about Mario Sumo? Bowser wants to DEMOLISH the competition, as the winner gets a fancy new hat (or some other mundane prize). You're here to help with that! Get him gaining, stuff him stupid full of food. Heck, you yourself could gain right alongside him for some friendly competition to help him push the limits of his appetite AND his clothing (if he wore any). 

3. But what if Bowser wants YOU fat instead? Bowser wants a double to stand in for him while he's off ransacking Peach's castle, and he needs YOU to fulfill that role? However, Bowser...has put on a few, as of late, not to mention he was already a massive hunk of turtle-dragon to begin with. In order to match his body type, he needs you to grow, and not grow with the muscle variety, if you catch my drift!

SB: $50
Minimum increments of $10

The YCH ends either Saturday, 7/30, or 24 hours after the most recent bid, whichever comes latest. 

Important notes! 

1: There is no accompanying art with this YCH! It just comes with the story, unless you'd really like me to whip up something in MS Paint. 

2: You are allowed to ask for alterations to the story prompts, as long as they don't entirely change the story itself. The exception is prompt 3, which is something I admittedly made up last second. If you want Bowser to fatten you up but not follow that prompt, let me know and we'll work something out! 

3: These will be PG-13 stories, since I don't really feel comfortable making raunchy stories with silly cartoony Nintendo characters. If a stretch goal is made, perhaps around $200 or so, I might include something like slob if the winning bidder would like. 

4: Knowing my writing lately, these stories will likely be around 7-10k words! I don't plan on them being as long as Sweet Little Lies (the most recent YCH I did with  quente ) but you never know! I may get very inspired, haha. 

That's about all I can think of for now!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/48273792/