That is quite possibly my favorite title I've ever had for a story. Bendor is a genius :p

A fun collab  bendor and I decided to do involving out favorite king Koopa. After a victorious battle against the Yoshi's on Dinosaur Island, Bowser and his goons are free to pilfer as much food as they desire. I've always wondered what the donuts at Donut Plains taste like...

See Bendor's drawing here: http://www.furaffinity.net/view/16499462/

(pssst, how's the icon format? I decided to make it look more organized instead of a bunch of random words. Do you like it, or should I change it back?)



Word had spread quickly throughout Koopapolis of Bowser and his stellar performance in the war against Dinosaur Land. It quickly became a topic of interest between Goombas and Koopas to talk about their leader's amazing feats. Some said Bowser was like a train: charging through the front lines and causing all kinds of havoc. Others compared him to a canon, able to hurl Bullet Bills harder than an airship! No matter how they described him, their outlook of Bowser was still the same: he was a force to be reckoned with. 

	"Wow, they all said that about you, your Excellency?" Kamek asked as he flew next to Bowser, the aged Magikoopa straightening his glasses while sitting on top of his broom. 

	"Gwah hah hah hah har! Of course they did, and for good reason too! After witnessing someone as great as myself stop a train with my bare claw, who wouldn't want to go running around and telling their friends?" The King of Koopas asked with a cheeky sneer. Ever since returning from his five-day war with the residents of Dinosaur Land, Bowser had been carrying himself much more importantly than before. His stride became longer and more confident, giving the tall Koopa an intimidating aura. Running a claw through his fiery-red hair, Bowser smiled as he glanced around the entrance to his castle, noticing the stone walls were freshly polished and the lava pits extra hot. Home sweet home.

	"Gosh, that's very impressive, your Mightiness, but aren't you hurt from fighting on the front lines for so long?" The purple clothed Magikoopa asked in shock, glancing over his ruler for any injuries.

	"Of course not! You think their flimsy sticks they call spears could scratch me?  I could crush them just by flexing!" To prove his point, Bowser raised his right arm at a 90 degree angle before flexing hard, an impressive bulge rising out from the Koopa King's bicep. While marveling at his ruler's remarkable physique, Kamek couldn't help but notice how Bowser's muscular arm wasn't quite as defined as when he left the castle.

	The purple-garbed Magikoopa didn't have much time to quell as to why, however, as the large, doublewide doors leading to the mess hall suddenly arrived. Always one for a dramatic entrance, Bowser snorted and grinned as he shoved open the doors as hard as possible, slamming the two metal flaps against the opposite metal wall. Everyone waiting in the dining room: koopas, goombas, parakoopas, and so on, quickly ended any existing conversation as all eyes turned to their leader, standing by the doorway with an incredibly confident sneer. 

	Bowser took a moment to inspect the dining hall, ignoring the stares of hundreds of his subordinates as he did so. Everywhere he looked, he could see an epic sprawl of food, just waiting to be dined on by his Excellency! Looking around a second time, the great Koopa King was pleased to see no one had started without him. Satisfied that everything was to his liking, Bowser casually strutted to his padded seat in the middle of the first table, the gazes of the mess hall's inhabitants following him as he did so. 

	Once he took his seat, Bowser slouched back against his throne casually while looking around the room, seemingly making eye contact with everyone present. Once he had thoroughly scanned the room a second time, he grinned and let out a loud roar. "Did I give anyone permission to be quiet? This is a feast honoring me! I order you all to start having fun!"

	Bowser was met with a resounding wave of cheers as everyone raised their glasses high in the air to celebrate their leader (except for the goombas, but you can't really blame them). With the feast now officially underway, everybody dived at the delicious looking food, unable to hold back their greed any longer. Sitting in the same spot and staring at the heavenly sustenance for such a long time waiting for their king to return had made every Koopa ravenous as they crammed as much onto their plates as they could, most of which going straight to their maws. It was evident almost immediately that their patience was worth it as the rich and intoxicating flavors made themselves known. The bread was as light and fluffy as a pillow, yet revealed more taste in one bite than an entire loaf of store-bought bread. The meat was thick and juicy, as well as delicious to the point of producing a moan of joy from whoever took a large enough mouthful. Even the sweets were to die for; each cookie was like a sugary time bomb waiting to explode into a plethora of deliciousness. 

	As the feast continued, many Koopas noticed the flow of food start to gravitate to a single location. Anyone who wasn't totally engrossed in their feast would have noticed quite a buildup of food in front of Bowser's portion of the table. At first, many assumed it was the result of the Koopa King eating too slow, resulting in the large pile of meats and breads in front of him. Upon closer inspection, however, it was just the opposite: Bowser was just eating so quickly, his own personal assistant, Kamek, had to use his magic to gather up the nearby food in front of his king just so he wouldn't run out!

	Bowser let out a low guffaw as he took a small break from eating, resting a claw on his distended gut, his other hand holding two turkey legs. "Gwa ha har! Those puny lizards didn't stand a *munch munch munch* chance against me!" He roared out, ripping off the meat of the two turkey legs he was holding in one bite halfway through that sentence. "But with food this good, it's no *chew chew chew* wonder they were so weak! They probably *gobble gobble smack* spend all their time eating, instead of *om nom nom* training hard like we do!" 

	Many of the minions near Bowser's chair cheered at their king's rousing speech, their glasses raised to show their support (except for the goombas, but you can't really blame them). The look in their eyes was enough proof that Bowser had successfully roused them up, giving them the confidence to tackle any challenge knowing their supreme commander would back them up. Heck, they could probably fight the Mushroom Kingdom and win, even with the dastardly Mario as their enemy! Feeling a small surge of adrenaline rush, the nearby koopas began shaking in anticipation, their hearts thumping fiercely in their chest as they thought about their next challenge. With Bowser on their side, nothing can stand between them and victory!

	Those who weren't totally fired up by Bowser's speech noticed something else about their King. While many minions started yelling at each other about attempting ridiculous feats such as swimming in the lava pit right outside the castle, those with a little more intelligence noticed a more pressing matter; more specifically, Bowser's stomach pressing against the table. Other than to tell a few tall tales about his extraordinary feats during battle, Bowser didn't stop eating once during the entire feast, his grubby claws constantly holding something edible. Entire strings of ribs, loaves of bread, wings, fish, and even a platter of brownies all made their way down the large Koopa's jaws, barely taking any time to chew or even breathe before another clawful of something was jammed in there. It was a wonder how his jaws and cheeks never got tired from withstanding so much food. Naturally, all that food had to go somewhere. With each swallow, Bowser's cream-colored gut swelled outwards another half inch, pressing against the wooden table painfully. Despite his swollen belly practically resting on his lap, however, the grand Koopa continued to eat away, ignoring the ever-increasing tight feeling in his stomach… until it couldn't take it anymore.

	Bowser suddenly yelped as he swallowed his fifteenth turkey leg, his claws instantly rushing to his gut for comfort. It almost felt like something suddenly snapped inside the large, stretched dome he called a belly, sending a piercing bolt of pain throughout his entire abdomen. Wheeling from the intense cramp, the stuffed Koopa suddenly bolted upwards, knocking his chair over from his sudden ascension. Wrapping his arms around his scaly stomach, Bowser gritted his teeth in pain, trying to endure this awful feeling… until he noticed the room had steadily grown quieter. Looking up, Bowser's face flushed a bright scarlet red, the same hue as his fiery hair, as he saw the entire population inside the mess hall staring back at him. 

	"Uh…" He stammered, not sure how to handle this situation. Surely, his loyal minions would become rather disheartened if they learned their invincible leader could be taken down by a measly bellyache! If word got out, no one would take him seriously anymore! Realizing how to get out of his awkward position, Bowser slowly stood upright again, gritting his teeth as his stomach was forced to stretch with him. "So… who here had a great time tonight?!"

	Bowser grinned as he was met with a rambunctious roar from every Koopa present. Glad to see everyone in a good mood, the King of Koopas continued with his after-dinner speech. "Gwa ha ha ha ha har! (Ow, my side…) I'm glad to hear it! Everyone did well in the war against those big-nosed lizards! With them out of the picture, there's nothing stopping us from harvesting as much food as we want at Dinosaur Land!" He exclaimed, grinning wolfishly as he did so. Even after overeating as much as he did, Bowser couldn't help but daydream about his next meal. "Because of everyone's efforts, (mine especially,) we can all enjoy feasts like this every day for years to come!"

	This time, Bowser nearly had to cover his ears due to the resounding cheer he was greeted with, the sheer force of everyone's cries loud enough to even rattle the windows! Despite everyone's obnoxious yelling ("I sure hope they didn't wake up Junior," he thought to himself), Bowser couldn't help but smile right back at them. He hadn't originally planned on giving a feast for everyone every day from now on, but after everyone seeing him bend over and whine after eating a tad bit too much, he was grateful to have came up with a reward large enough to make everyone forget about it. "That's the secret to being a great ruler," he thought to himself, snickering. "Give them a strong role model to look up to."

	As everyone continued with their festivities, Bowser slowly slunk away from the crowd, the signs of an incoming food coma forcing the stuffed Koopa to seek out his bed as quickly as possible. While everyone else was focused on finishing off the rest of the food, however, one person noticed Bowser slip away.

	Kamek adjusted his glasses as he watched his King wonder off, the purple-garbed Magikoopa thinking hard about today's events. It wasn't uncommon for King Bowser to gloat endlessly about his achievements, nor was it for him to indulge himself a bit as well. The large Koopa had always been a tad round. However, this time Bowser was almost a completely different guy, his egotistic attitude had grown even worse, as well as his lust for food. Kamek was certain that his king was about to explode after eating so much! Scratching the back of his head, the old wizard continued to look at the door where Bowser exited, still pondering today's events. He wasn't like this before he went to battle, just what exactly happened at Dinosaur Land? He probably would have thought about it all night had a certain youngster snuck a few chocolate-chip cookies in front of the Magikoopa.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/16499439/