I'm proud to say this is the first commission I've uploaded in quite a long time! Hopefully it was worth the money, because I still get nerves knowing I'm getting paid to write. My biggest fear is that it will be a let down.

Speedwrite commish for  hdalby33 who wanted Grief to stumble into his cave and find a certain dragon indulging himself on his stock of fruit. Naturally, Grief gets revenge in a very ironic way. 

I'm still open for $10 speedwrites just like this one! 

I hope you enjoy~



	Grief was angrier than words can describe, but for the sake of the story I'll do my best anyways. While he wasn't the happiest of creatures, the large dragon's scowl was etched quite deeply into his face, his sharp fangs poking out from underneath his muzzle. His stroll through the woods had turned into a loud series of stampings, the merciless drake purposely going out of his way to chase frightened rabbits or bark at innocent birds in order to achieve the slightest satisfaction from their pathetic faces. At one point, Grief even tried knocking down a tree a woodpecker was trying to make its home out of, all because of his mindset that if a dragon isn't happy, than nobody should be happy.

	"Filthy anthros," the drake muttered softly to himself after growling at a pack of wolves, the frightened canines whining and scrambling over each other in a mad dash to escape the enraged beast. "Hopefully, I've scared those mongrels in the direction of the disgusting anthros. Should fortune finally bear her smile upon me, I will find their corpses by tomorrow evening." Thinking about mutilated anthropomorphic beings usually brought a wicked smile to the cruel drake, but today it only encouraged his rampant behavior, making him more prone to sudden bursts of violence such as pushing over boulders or stomping into a river where otters were known to swim through. 

	"I'm probably going to have indigestion for a *bwurp* week," the bloated dragon groaned, ignoring the faint wiggling sensation in his stomach for the moment. Just thinking about the drunken hunters who mistook Grief for an oversized black bear only made the terrible taste on his tongue worse. "I should have some fruit stored at the back of my cave. Hopefully that can wash out the retched flavor from my mouth." Indeed, the thought of a small snack certainly lifted the dragon's mood a bit, albeit briefly, for as soon as he approached his home, he heard a very troubling sound.

	Grief's heart rate sped up as the scent of another dragon filled his nose, any hope of relaxing drifting from his mind. Being as territorial as he was, the dragon was alarmed to sense anyone even near his cave, let alone another drake. Grief had also made sure to clearly mark his home with his scent, so it wasn't likely that someone had aimlessly stumbled into his lair without knowing who it belonged too. No, this was an act of war!

	Bellowing angrily, Grief charged straight into his cave, his eyes glazed over with predatory rage as he searched for the being responsible for intruding int-

	"Heeeey, there you are! Been waiting for you!"

	Skidding to a halt, Grief looked around franticly for the source of the voice, his heart pounding in his chest. Not only did this confirm his suspicions that the intruder knew of his whereabouts, but had been expecting him to return, possibly to attack! 

	"Show yourself!" The mighty drake demanded, arching his back in an intimidating manner. No matter where he looked, Grief couldn't catch sight of the intruder. His cave was seemingly empty, save for the massive pile of fruit he kept stored towards th-

	"BOO!"

	A chubby draconic head suddenly pushed its way out from within the mound of fruit, laughing rambunctiously as it watched Grief shriek and stumble back. "Bahahaheha! Oh man, you shoulda seen the look on your face! Priceless!"

	Still shaking in fear, the large predator quickly rolled back onto his feet to take a better look at the intruder. The comparatively-small drake continued smiling and started to wiggle free from the pile of fruit, revealing more of his rotund figure. At first, Grief thought a lost hatchling had made it into his home, but upon witnessing the invader sit upright, he knew he was dealing with none other than an anthro dragon. "You!" He called out after experiencing a brief moment of shock, his burning rage returning in full force as he stood over the porcine dragon. "How dare you intrude upon my domain and sully my harvest with your wretched body! What manner have you to even suggest entering the home of a true dragon and expect to leave alive?" He roared out, the force of his breath sending ripples across the intruder's gut.

	"Um… I dunno. I was hungry and smelled food in here," the anthro grinned sheepishly at the seething dragon before him, lightly stroking his blue and grey striped stomach. Even now, he continued to nibble on an apple core, seemingly oblivious to Grief's overbearing rage. "I didn't know this was yours. If I did, I would have shared one of the ten or so pears I just ate." He chortled, bouncing his potbelly.

	"Cease your laughter at once, you bloated buffoon! I have half a mind to tear out your innards and strew them outside my home as a warning to others who are 'hungry!" In a flash, Grief had the chubby anthro pinned against the food pile with his claw, squeezing the smaller drake tightly while dropping his voice to a dangerous whisper: "Care to give me one good reason why I shouldn't?"

	The anthro yelped and wiggled beneath Grief's grasp, his thick arms and legs pinned beneath the razor-sharp claws. "B-because you're a nice dragon and want to be friends?" He managed to free one of his hands and held it out, patting the dumbstruck Grief on the snout. "And friends like to forgive others and share food, right? What's your name, new best friend? You can call me Callum. A lot of my friends are sometimes like 'Hey, what do we call em?' and I'm like 'Just that! Callum!' and then we all laugh. It's a really funny inside joke I share with my closest buds. You see, the way the joke works is-"

	"Enough!" Grief released the chatty anthro just so he could cover up his own ears, the large beast struggling to think on how to rid himself of Callum. As much as he wanted to slay the anthro, he didn't want to take the risk of having the anthro's multiple friends searching for him and ending up in this cave. Harming him was out of the question as well, for if he were to return to whatever settlement he came from and spoke about a vicious monster who was attacking anthros, well, he could kiss his peaceful life goodbye. 

	"-and we also have a pal who denies a lot of things so we call him Denya." Callum concluded, before tilting his head at his new best friend. "Say, would it be alright if I went back to eating? I'd love to tell you more, but I'm actually pretty famished, and it'd be rude to talk with my mouth full, after all."

	"Oh, is that right?" Grief suddenly snapped back sarcastically, bringing his great head over the anthro. "Is the poor, gluttonous scoundrel who invaded my den and defiled my food still hungry?"

	"Um… yes? I'm glad we're on the same page here, but-"

	"But nothing! You're clearly wasting away, with hardly enough energy to feed yourself, so why don't I do it for you?!" And with that, the large drake gripped Callum tightly, using two claws to force the chubby anthro's maw open while grapping a pawful of fruit. 

	Wiggling in shock, the chubby anthro tried pulling Grief's claw away from his maw, but it was no use, his muzzle may as well have been taped open. Thrashing about with his arms and legs did little good as well, leaving him completely defenseless as, much to his horror, the large dragon grabbed a handful of fruit and crammed it into his open gullet. 

	Callum grunted in pain as his cheeks bulged to their absolute limit, struggling to contain the massive amounts of fruit inside of it. The grey dragon tried his best to chew, which was no easy task when your maw was pried open, but was interrupted as a second handful of food was shoved into his gaping maw, forcing the first handful down his throat. 

	"Oh, my apologies, are you in pain?" Grief asked in response to Callum's whimpering. While he conveyed a face of mock concern, the large beast had delved into a state of rage he never knew he had. Gone were the worries of harming the bloated anthro before him; in fact, he relished in the moans and whines his captive made, only fueling his desire to punish Callum in the most ironic way possible: by giving him what he came for. "Here, try some oranges. I hear these aid digestion quite well. How about some fresh raspberries I picked last night to go along with it? What's that? Still not feeling good? I'm certain that's not something a few blackberries couldn't fix!"

	Poor Callum couldn't do much to resist Grief's 'recommendations,' unable to do anything but gulp down mouthful after mouthful of fresh fruit. Each swallow he took felt like a lead weight traveling directly to his stomach, filling it out more and more. Naturally, Grief took special interest in watching Callum's blue and grey belly slowly stretch and grow, gurgling noisily. The giant beast could hear the stomach's protests quite clearly, each creak and groan louder than the next, the overfilled organ looking ready to explode… yet it never did. 

	Instead, Callum's gut began digesting at an impeccable rate, emptying itself as quickly as it filled up. The tubby anthro got to watch as his bloated beanbag-sized belly began sagging onto his knees, jiggling at the slightest touch. His arms and legs began growing wider as well, his feeble attempts at resisting growing weaker by the moment once his arms grew fatter than his legs were at the start of the feeding. Callum's tail began to rise from the pile of food it was buried under, it's base far wider than that of a tree trunk. 

	Grief paused for a moment to look down at his fattened captive, puzzled. "What manner of sorcery is this? Are you a literal bottomless pit?" He asked, although it was more than evident where all of his food had been going.

	Once free from the beast's grip, Callum belched and panted heavily, his elongated stomach rising up and down. The obese dragon couldn't even make eye contact with his 'best friend,' for his flabby chest and belly blocked off any view of the opposite wall, let alone Grief. Digging his chubby hands into the food beneath him, Callum grunted and tried leaning his upper body forward, bunching up his belly folds until they resembled a xylophone, before collapsing onto his flabby back. "Bwurrrp! I-I dunno, man. I'm really not hungry *hic* anymore… nor can I, uh, get up. If you could maybe roll me back onto my feet, I'll see if I can waddle out of here and-"

	"Shut up, you insolent grey blob!" Grief roared again, his anger returning full force. His punishment was meant to torture the rotund anthro, yet it somehow had the opposite effect. Right now, Callum continued to lay stunned on his back, a goofy smirk spreading across his fat face as he licked his stained muzzle. Even now, the tubby dragon's gut let out a different sounding grumble than before, one asking for more food instead of a break from too much food. With his skin crawling with rage, Grief gripped Callum's fat belly tightly, causing the obese captive to squeak and open his mouth, giving Grief the opening he needed to resume his feeding session.

	Finding himself back into the same predicament, Callum mentally shrugged and held his maw agape, a quiet purr emanating from deep within. Somehow, Grief's stuffing had awaken some sort of primordial hunger within, making him constantly hungry even with his stomach constantly pumped with fruit. Not only that, but his mouth and neck had stretched similarly to how a rubber band stretches when it's been pulled enough times, making it much easier to swallow the endless armfuls of food. It wasn't like he could exactly fight off Grief anyways, especially with his flabby limbs pinned into his sides. With nothing left to do, Callum closed his eyes and smiled as he felt himself grow bigger and bigger, enjoying the feeling of his enlarged gut pinning him into the ground.

	Grief as officially at his wit's end. He couldn't think of anything else to do to cause Callum any kind of suffering. The massively obese dragon continued to purr and smile as he grew larger and larger on top of a steadily shrinking pile of food. Grief had tried groping, squeezing, and even clawing at the rising ball of flesh before him, but that only served to intensify Callum's purring. It seemed like the only option he had was to continue force feeding the gluttonous pile of scales and fat while at the same time praying that Callum had a bursting point somewhere. However, once the massive anthro had reached the point where Grief needed to pry his fat cheeks apart just to feed him, the feral drake realized that if Callum had grown fat enough, he might not be able to talk anymore.

	How unfortunate for him that he should run out of food at that exact moment.

	Callum continued to gape silently after the feeding session had stopped, eagerly awaiting his next mouthful of fruit. When none came, the anthro dragon peeked an eye open, only to be astonished at how tremendously fat he had grown. From head to toe, Callum  was nothing short of a boulder of pure blubber, both metaphorically and literally speaking. His arms and legs spread out on either side of him, thick tires of lard preventing any movement down to his chubby fingers. Callum's rump spread outwards on the dirt ground beneath him, creating a cushion for his lower body while his tummy spread above him like a small hill, bits and pieces of fruits and berries wedged beneath his enumerable rolls. It was a miracle he could still breathe, what if the multiple tons of flab on his chest as well as his bowling ball sized cheeks wedged against his muzzle. 

	Having spent the rest of his energy stuffing the gluttonous drake, Grief slouched over and panted. "Damn, one month's worth of food… gone in an hour… how do you do it?" 

	No response.

	"Are you some sort of magic wielder? Did you have a spell which stores excess food into blubber in preparation for this moment?"

	No response. 

	An astonished grin quickly spread through Grief's muzzle, his fluffy tail wagging eagerly. He finally did it, he finally managed to end the noisey anthro's chattering! Granted, Callum's massive stomach continued to churn quite noisely, as did the endless jiggling and sloshing his blubber produced, but no matter. Feeling quite proud of himself, Grief yawned and slowly rested his head onto the massive gut before him, sinking several meters into the endless squishy chub. He could always restock his food supply la-

	"Hey, new best friend, is it almost breakfast? I'm starving over here."

	Damn it…

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/21094540/