Denya never remembered anything before waking up in the enormous metal room; for all he knew, his existence had started right at that moment. A vague part of him believed that he had a life outside the grey walls, he just couldn't figure out what that life was like. Was he needed somewhere else? Did he end up here on his own accord, or was someone behind all of this.

Denya would have to guess the latter, seeing as how his arms were completely chained to the ceiling, forced over his head in such a way that any strenuous movement would possibly dislocate his shoulder. Honestly, he never really struggled too hard with the chains to find out if there was a trick to getting himself unstuck, for the blaring television screens in front of him took up the majority of his attention.

"Eat! Food is good for you! You must consume if you ever hope to breathe fresh air again!"

The draolf tilted his head. Eat what, exactly? And how could he eat if his arms were currently tied. His answers came in the form of several large hooks descending from the ceiling where he was chained to, offering plates of what looked and smelled like freshly baked sweets. Denya was about to open his mouth to protest, but soon found his maw stuffed full of the sickeningly-sweet treats, his cheeks bulging as he frantically scrambled to scarf them down. 

Speaking at all was nearly impossible for Denya, for as soon as he opened his mouth, food would fly straight in. Just those few bites alone had a significant impact on his body, seeing as how his stomach, once just simply soft to the touch, now looked as if he had swallowed a partially-deflated basketball. He tried his best to protest this sudden treatment, closing his eyes and mouth to the food and television, but he couldn't exactly close his ears. 

"Eat! You must eat! You're starving, you haven't eaten in days! How can you hope to escape if you're too hungry to move!" 

Was that true? Denya had never considered the time that passed between him waking up in his current situation and his last meal, but as he heard those words, his stomach let out an incredible growl, indicating the television speaker probably spoke some sense of the truth. Reluctantly, the hybrid opened his maw again, and much to his surprise found the feeding to proceed at a rather gentle rate. Cookies and donuts slid into his muzzle at a slower pace, making sure to wait until the pudgy draolf had swallowed his last mouthful before offering more. Eventually, a small robotic hand lowered itself from the ceiling to pet Denya's blond head. 

"Good boy, eating when he's told. We have much more in store for you, little pup, but please continue eating. You must be famished."

Denya didn't exactly think much about what having "more in store" meant for him; rather, he didn't think much at all. His eyes started to droop as he sat and ate like he was told, the tip of his pudgy tail wagging at the praise he had received. For some reason, all he could think about was simply eating more and being good to the voice in the speaker, even if the speaker only talked about eating and growing.

And that's exactly what Denya did. For hours? Days? Months? The hybrid had no idea how much time had passed since he was first brought in, only that he had not stopped eating ever since he finally gave into the voice's command. As his stomach and rear finally started pressing tightly against the opposite ends of the walls, or his arms grew thrice as thick as his head, the draolf's doped mind finally realize what the voice meant when it said "eating was the only way to escape."



So yeah,  psychicthehedgehog surprised me with a pic of all of my... let's say "interests" with poor Denya as an experiment. This was a little writing practice to get back into the swing of things, seeing as  how I really should start opening commissions soon if I'm gonna make it through the next few months (well, not that bad, but money is tighter than before so, yeah). Go give Psychic some love though, he did an amazing job detailing practically everything I love <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/27523409/