Welp, here it is, my first female weight gain story yet. Commission for  Rykken of herself entering a mysterious forest, armed with little more than a camera, and coming across something quite... enriching~

I think I'm done with commissions for now, I'm too slow at writing them



	Rykken, in all years as a professional photographer, had never seen anything like this.

	Click! Ever since she was a young pup, the blue and white husky never went anywhere without her trusty camera, always looking to shoot the best photo and show it off to all of her friends. Everywhere she went, Rykken would always keep one paw by her trusty camera wrapped around her neck, always prepared to take a shot within a split second's notice. When she wasn't out taking pictures, Rykken would sit at home and play Pokemon Snap for hours, constantly attempting to beat her ridiculously high scores. While most children abandon their silly fantasies once they hit adolescence, Rykken's lust for photography intensified, joining the photography club and even sending job applications to National Geographic. Naturally, the talented Husky was accepted almost immediately as a field photographer and journalist due to her impressive history behind the camera. 

	As soon as she graduated from high school, Rykken devoted almost all of her time to National Geographic, filling out the necessary paperwork required for field training. With her natural skills, the husky quickly rose through the ranks, advancing from pencil pusher to field reporter in record time! Due to hasty promotions and increased income, the blue and white husky almost always found a reason to celebrate and party, her junk food-filled diet quickly adding on the pounds to her thunder thighs and amble bosom. When asked about her increased weight, Rykken would always laugh and pat her soft tummy, responding with "Well, one day I could get trapped in the wilderness for weeks! All this extra pudge would quickly come to use then." Accepting her response, Rykken's coworkers would shrug and let her be, allowing her to continue her unhealthy diet of Twinkies, Oreos, and other fat-filled foods. 

	That isn't to say she was a slothful worker. On the contrary! Rykken would always check into work early, incredibly eager to start her day photo-shooting nature. The portly husky would then fly off into some unexplored corner of the planet, camera ready to expose a mysterious section of the Earth to her fans. It was during one such trek through a dense mountain forest that Rykken stumbled upon something so unique, so out-of-this-world, that not even the husky who has seen it all could keep herself from gasping!

	In front of her was a massive clearing, roughly the size of a football field in terms of square feet. Inside the clearing, dozens and dozens of small woodland animals wondering around the grass, each of them carrying a large, spherical fruit, none of which Rykken has ever seen before! The fruit wasn't the main spectacle, to the husky's shock. Big and small, all of the forest feral animals were carrying their fruit towards the center, where a massive pile of colorful food rose beyond the tree tops! Rykken had documented incredible cases of feral furs helping each other, such as sea otters leading a pack of seals to new feeding grounds, but this was just incredible! From enormous bears to little rabbits, nearly every feral animal inhabiting the forest was put to work, piling up an enormous tower of fruit! Rykken quickly put her mind to work, trying to understand the cause of such a phenomenon. However, her expertise in photography suddenly worked against her as she felt her hands instinctivly grasp the camera, snapping a quick shot at the scene in front of her.

	Rykken's heart nearly stopped as every single animal froze once the click went off, none of them moving an inch. Then, all at once, they turned their heads towards her, their stares blank and complacent. Rykken couldn't even get a shriek out as a massive furry arm wrapped around her ponderous middle, carrying the pudgy husky across the field. Shivering in fear, Rykken tried her best to remain still, feeling a squirrel climb up the bear onto her chest and remove the camera, her prized possession, from around her neck. Before she could retaliate, the bear dropped Rykken onto her back next to the fruit pile, an "ooof" escaping her lips from the force. Once on her back, the rest of the animals suddenly went to work, many of them holding down Rykken's arms and legs while most of the smaller ones climbed onto the fruit hill. The tubby husky grunted and struggled, desperately trying to escape the weight of the feral critters pinning her down. With a gasp, Rykken felt two rabbits grab her maw and force it open, having a vague idea of what's about to happen soon…

	Sure enough, her predictions were right as she suddenly saw several large, colorful fruit fly down into her mouth with precise accuracy. "mmmf!" Rykken whined as she couldn't even properly chew her food, she could just lay back and force the juicy berries down her throat while more piled in. Seeing her reluctantly accept her fate, the forest animals chittered with glee and began tossing fruit down at a higher rate. This resulted in slightly lower accuracy as a few ripe strawberries splattered across her lips and chin, coating her in their fruity paste. For Rykken, however, a messy face was the least of her concern…

	As Rykken consumed, she felt her already paunchy stomach start to balloon outwards with extra flab, her thick thighs starting to press against each other. The bulges in her neck caused by swallowing so much fruit at once started to diminish, hiding underneath several inches of neck fat.  Her breasts continued to swell up incredibly quickly, as if competing with her stomach fat to decide who can cover more space quicker. Her already bulbous behind quickly spread out across the forest floor, slowly engulfing fluffy tail. Rykken began gasping for breath as the fruits began to come down a little too quickly for her to catch up, the plumped up husky still trying to figure a way out of this mess. Looking down at herself, she realized that not only were the two bear's grip too strong, but the 1400 extra pounds of padding would make it near impossible to even pull herself up to a sitting position! Her feet were only a memory to her now as her stomach bulged several feet into the air. 

	Before she could try and inspect herself further, a small mouse scampered onto the top of her dome of a belly, smiling eerily as if saying "enjoying your new look?" Rykken watched with interest as the mouse puffed out his belly and cheeks, waddling around on the husky's massive tummy as if he were obese as well before collapsing on his stomach, laughing and shaking his arms. "Something tells me they aren't feeding me out of survival instinct," Rykken muttered aloud before catching her  mistake. As soon as she opened her mouth, the mouse's ears twitched up, signaling the 'feeder furs' to continue their forced feeding. As the squirrels began to gather the large berries, Rykken grunted in annoyance as two rabbits held her fruit-stained maw open yet again, ready to continue their forced feeding. 

	Once again, Rykken felt herself getting force fed yet again by the woodland animals, the once exotic flavors of the fruits starting to blend together and grow dull. Speaking of growing, Rykken's already impressive gut continued to soar and swell skyward, the top of her belly now up to the lower branches of the nearby trees. The bears pinning her down soon released her doughy wrists after the two ton mark, logic telling them that Rykken wasn't going anywhere anytime soon. Two more rabbits were needed after Rykken's cheeks grew to the size of globes to help keep her mouth free of her own flab. Her elbows and kneecaps soon disappeared behind the several layers of lard, her legs forming a downward spiral shape starting from her fleshy thighs and ending at her pudgy feet. The bears who had previously held Rykken's wrists down were now working on holding her bountiful mammories, trying to prevent them from falling onto the blimped husky's muzzle. 

	After several minutes of this feeding frenzy, Rykken soon found a pattern to her stuffing. Soon, she managed to relax her body and eat in sync with the animal's feeding, letting her eat even faster and with more efficiency. Once she established her pattern, the blob of a husky soon found her forced feeding to be less of a pain. In fact, if anything, she started to grow to enjoy it! Sensing an opportunity arising, multiple forest animals suddenly clambered onto her whale like body, struggling to maintain their balance on her sloshing stomach as they tried to aid in the feeding. Rykken couldn't help but smile as she slowly shut her eyes, feeling dozens of little paws running and bouncing along her flab, causing her sensitive fatty frame to ripple around. She soon found herself having to open her chubby maw wider to allow larger portions of fruit into her, Rykken's expansion rate constantly increasing. Even the bears were forced to climb onto her increasing size as Rykken's flabby body rose like yeast. 

	Rykken let out a small growl of delight as she felt herself expand further, her stomach starting to poke out from the tree tops. She moaned in delight as she felt the grass disappear underneath her widening berth, nearby tree trunks becoming wedged in her immense stomach. She was humongous, and she loved every second of it! The feeling of her wide sides becoming the news forest floor, the dozens of animals on top of her bloated feature either massaging her fat or helping her grow larger, the amount of foliage stuck within her rolls, all of it pure ecstasy. Like all great things, however, it soon had to come to an end as the 50 ton husky soon bit at midair, saddened at the loss of fruit. The forest animals all bounced off her belly at once, leaving it to quake and slosh noisily. Despite the 5 inch thick neck fat, Rykken tried hard to turn her chubby head to understand what the nearby scurrying meant. To her horror, she saw the same mouse slowly waddle towards her, struggling to carry Rykken's camera towards her. Despite not speaking their language, the immobile husky suddenly understand what this was all about.

	"We see your kind always wandering into our homes, taking embarrassing pictures of us showing us off on one of your magazines. Let's see how you like terrifying photos of yourself getting published everywhere! Now everyone will know how much of a prized pig you've become. Say cheese!"

Click!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/13175903/