So some time ago, I introduced  dragontzin Wonderboy: The Dragon's Trap, which was my obsession at the time. Being the great friend he was, Tzin not only tolerated my ramblings, but also decided to draw me an amazing weight gain sequence of our favorite form of the protagonist: Lizard-Man! Awed at his amazing art, I quickly scrambled to put together a collection of words to go along with his drawing, and here it is! Thanks again Tzin!

Each section corresponds with each drawing that Tzin drew. So the first section pairs with the first drawing, etc. I hope you all enjoy! As always, feedback is highly appreciated!

Tzin's part 1: http://www.furaffinity.net/view/23597535/ Part 2: http://www.furaffinity.net/view/23597670/



The fight with MEKA dragon had left him a changed man, in more ways than one. Wonder Boy could still feel burn mark on his shoulder as he recollected the events that led him to where he was now. Armed with little more than a sword and shield, the adventurous youth ventured inside the dragon’s castle to finish off the terrorizing beast once and for all. It was an agonizing journey from start to finish, whether it be solving the palace’s tricky labyrinth or fending himself from the world’s most annoying hopping snakes. Regardless, the boy made it through in the end, and even managed to slay the mechanized dragon with a well-timed thrust to its metal head. 	
However, this experienced had completely changed Wonder Boy, and not in the figurative sense. Rather, the boy found himself wondering too close to a rancid puff of white smoke which, after inhaling, transformed him inside and out into a giant walking talking lizard! 	
With the shock of such a transformation undergoing so rapidly, Wonder Boy (or rather Lizard Man) struggled to escape the crumbling castle, which was bound by a curse to bury it’s owner’s killer in rubble. Luckily, the green and yellow reptile dodged the falling debris and climbed his way out using his new claws. It was a traumatizing experience, one that scarred the poor lizard for days to come. 	Said experience only occurred three days ago, with Lizard Man constantly looking for a cure for his monstrous form every waking minute. Sadly, with such a horrifying figure, not many townsfolk were willing to lend him their aid (which struck him as odd, seeing as how Alsedo was a town in a place literally called Monster Land). The only help he managed to receive was in the form of a kind passer-byer who happened to be a nurse.  “I don’t know too much about curses, sadly, but I do have some potions I’m willing to lend. One sip can bring you back from the brink of death, so perhaps enough will also restore you to your previous form?”	
a sigh, Lizard-Man clenched the glass bottle in his right hand, his left currently rubbing his distended stomach. Like the crazed lunatic he was, he swiftly drunk the entire packages of potions the kind nurse had left him, giving him a horrible stomach ache in the process. “How ironic, getting a stomach bwurp ache after drinking something meant to heal hic you,” Lizard-Man grumbled as he took another swig, already hating the sound of his new, beast-like voice. The potion was a little too sweet for his liking, and each sip left him feeling more bloated than ever, but he figured that eventually, something had to give, whether it be the curse or his own stomach.


Things only went from bad to worse for our reptilian hero. Due to a minor failure in communication, Lizard-Man soon discovered that, apparently, those dozens of potions he chugged weren’t exactly free. The kind nurse meant to lend him the potions, possibly to mix in some strange magical ingredient for him to use to change back into a human. Now with a debt as massive as any castle (magic cure-all potions are surprisingly expensive), Lizard-Man swiftly set out on a quest to procure as much funds as possible to repay his debt by finding as much treasure as possible, as he had done multiple times back in his human form.It wasn’t all bad for him, however. Before he became Lizard-Man, Wonder Boy had been a very strict vegetarian. After being forced into a carnivorous beast, he had little choice but to hunt down and try meat for the first time or risk starving to death. With his razor-sharp claws and flamboyant breath, Lizard-Man had no problem catching and cooking all manner of prey, and they all tasted the same in his mouth: delicious! Whether it’s due to his transformation or his simple ignorance on meats, Lizard-Man found himself actively hunting down prey every chance he had whenever he wasn’t raiding dungeons and escaping with treasure. Because of his strange body, Lizard-Man made sure to feast five times a day, with small snacks inbetween to keep himself going.

“Mmmf, best. Curse. Ever,” Lizard-Man grunted as he bit into a scrumptious pastry, licking his sharp muzzle in delight. Meat wasn’t the only food that had its taste augmented, he noticed as he took another large bite from the creamy confection. With the amount of gold he obtained after his last haul, Lizard-Man decided to finally splurge a bit with his resources, buying more adventuring gear and a few snacks to go with it. The armor looked great on him, even if it was quite tight around his shoulders, something he attributed to his changed body. His new sword now hung by his broad waist, although it was more for show, seeing as how Lizard-Man’s fire was far more effective against any foe/prey he came across. And of course, most of the snacks the reptile purchased vanished almost instantly as soon as he stepped outside the bakery, his frosting-stained lips betraying the whereabouts of said confections.


“Nrrrrgh, cmon. Urf, stupid curse,” Lizard-Man grunted as he bent forward to grab at the sack of gold on the floor, struggling to reach past his own middle. With his debts paid off, the adventurous reptile was free to explore the world to his heart’s content, gathering as much treasure as possible so as to purchase better equipment should he ever encounter any further dragons. Who knows, perhaps the next drake lying in wait could be the one with the cure for his curse. It was important to buy the best gear as soon as possible in order to be fully prepared should he ever encounter the final foe.

Looking back on it now, Lizard-Man probably would have had enough gold to buy the mythical gear days ago had he not spent a massive portion of it on food. The time between meals grew shorter and shorter as it took longer for Lizard-Man to chow through his enlargement meals, which were always followed up by several snacks to stave off his gnawing hunger. Along with this change in appetite came what Lizard-Man assumed was a “follow up effect” to his curse, although his eating habits swiftly proved otherwise.

The reptile’s stomach quickly puffed outwards with every passing day, growing soft and malleable even when it wasn’t stuffed with food (which was quite the rare occurrence). Even after buying the largest piece of armor the shop had in stock, Lizard-Man still felt the shoulder plates dig into his soft flesh, the feeling intensifying after every passing day. The straps holding it together were already lost behind his broad back, hiding beneath several rolls of back flab. Even his chubby cheeks were started to droop low enough to rub against the shoulder pads whenever he lifted his arms!

“Hmmmf, this curse must also be behind the restriction of my limbs,” Lizard-Man grunted as he pulled on his stomach in an effort to squeeze himself further towards the pile of loot. “Perhaps my muscles are slowly rejecting this strange body! I need to put an end to this curse at once!” With one final attempt, the rotund reptile jolted forward just enough to snatch the bag off the ground, panting with exertion. Jostling the bag about in his claws, Lizard-Man felt a greedy smile spread across his chubby muzzle as well as a low gurgle from his voluminous gut. “Oooh, there’s more in here than I thought! I could probably buy two dozen cupcakes with this!”


	“Hurf…Hurf…Hurf…”
	The sounds of laborious panting echoed throughout the hallway as Lizard-Man precariously waddled on. As of late, the lardy lizard struggled to waddle anywhere without breaking out into a cold sweat after a few lethargic steps. Even if he could summon the strength to move, his legs would quickly start aching and cramping due to the incredible strain they underwent. And it was all thanks to the curse inflicted upon his body, right?

	“Hurf… hasta be,” Lizard-Man mumbled his agreement to the narrator as he leaned a fleshy arm against the stone wall, heaving loudly. This was it, the castle which housed the amulet needed for him to regain his former human body. And seeing as how his muscles were rejecting this lizard form of his more and more as of lately, he had no time to spare! His vision was a haze as he slowly waddled forward, unable to focus properly due to the numbing weariness he faced just from walking. Perhaps if his eyesight were a little better, he would be able to really see what was occurring within his body. 

	After discovering the whereabouts of the magical relic, Lizard-Man wasted no time in buying as much food for the trip as he could, along with a magic bag that could hold an infinite number of items inside. The fat reptile wanted to chance of failure within this crucial moment, seeing as how this was his one and only chance of returning to normal, which meant making sure his energy was constantly replenished by eating as often as possible. And eat he did. 

	Now wider than he was tall, Lizard-Man was a literal waddling ball of scales and blubber. Many of the villagers who watched him leave silently questioned why he didn’t simply roll to his destination and save the effort. His armor was reduced to a pair of shoulder pads wedged against his chubby cheeks, with no sign anywhere of the leather holding them together. His enormous stomach, which was almost as heavy as the rest of Lizard-Man, remained in constant contact with the ground no matter what position the flabby reptilian was in, sitting or standing.

	Speaking of sitting, Lizard-Man had decided now would be a good time for a little break. Wasting no time, he unceremoniously collapsed onto his enormous rump with an Earth-shattering thud, the likes of which nearly knocked the overfed hero off balance. Taking a moment to regain his seating, Lizard-Man reached into his knapsack tugged away within his left love-handle and pulled out an enormous leg of meat, fresh from the market. 

	“This should do the trick,” Lizard-Man licked his chops as he blew a small tuft of fire at the meat, rotating it slowly in order to get the best result. As soon as the flame licked the ham, it produced an excruciatingly-delicious aroma, the likes of which made Lizard-Man’s colossal stomach growl and rumble and… hiss? His stomach was hissing? Wow, he must be hungrier than we thought...


	Denial…Anger…Bargaining…Sadness…Acceptance.

	All five stages of grief occurred within Lizard-Man’s mind as he stood there in the spacious room, staring at the relic in his chubby claw. It was meant to transform him back to his true shape, the very reason he set out on his quest in the first place! Instead, it sparkled magically a few times before dimming down permanently, serving as a decorative paperweight instead. 

	Lizard-Man couldn’t believe this was happening. He was angry that he dedicated so much time and effort into coming here (as well as missing out on the buy 1 get 1 free deal at the deli in order to make it here). He wanted to buy his way out of this situation, possibly offer half of his food stash in exchange for another chance, yet felt the need to cry as he knew such an offer would likely never happen.

	And yet, he felt oddly content for some strange unknown reason. Perhaps it was due to his growing acceptance of his foreign body. Maybe Lizard-Man finally felt at ease within this new body, realizing just how handy his ability to breathe fire came to be. Sure he was large… well, large was an understatement. His stomach was wider than most doorways and was as heavy as a goblin, and yet it felt as much a part of him as did, say, his arms or legs. And while said arms and legs had grown round enough to constantly be in contact with his bloated abdomen, at least he knew they were his arms and legs. Hell, even his tail, something he had adhorred from the very beginning, was starting to feel welcome even if he had to drag the massive scaley log of fat along the floor wherever he went. Yeah, maybe this content feeling was Lizard-Man finally learning to accept himself as who he is today, not who he was before.

	Or it could be the literal mountains of fresh meat stored within this very room. Yeah, it was probably that. 

	Licking his chops eagerly, Lizard-Man dived onto the nearest rack of sausage links, slurping them up like noodles. He did eat up most of his month’s worth of food just getting to this point, so he could at the very least resupply on his rations. Of course, given the massive reptile’s rate of consumption, it was likely none of the meat stored within would ever end up leaving the room, not only due to the reptile’s ravenous reptile, but also in part to Lizard-Man’s sides growing wider and wider at every passing second, easily doubling the width of the door he recently struggled to crawl through.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23598470/