I was foolish enough to challenge  verace to a game of Puyo Puyo Tetris and paid the price for it. As were the terms of my defeat, I wrote a little something to commemorate my unexpected defeat. 

Just something to get back into writing, this week has been awful in terms of getting actual free time and dealing with stress.

Hope you all enjoy! Roughly 1000 words. 



	The sounds of button mashing, heavy breathing, and noisy electronic beeping filled the room on what would have normally been a boring and quiet day. Despite how stagnant the two large figures sitting on a much larger couch appeared, Denya and Verace’s hearts were racing as they stared unblinkingly in front of them, the television’s light reflecting off their eyes. Someone could break through the door brandishing a knife and they would have been none the wiser; they might even continue playing if the power went out!

	“You’re going down,” Denya muttered, the black and grey dragonwolf hybrid’s eyes bouncing around as Tetriminos rained down on his screen. 

	“…nu uh,” Verace retorted after some time, his blue tongue sliding out from his green fox muzzle. 

	Both canines weren’t willing to continue the discussion from there, too focused on playing their game to properly smack talk each other. Instead, their concentration was centered on creating the highest mountain of Tetris blocks possible, both of them ready to start off the battle with a bang…Or rather, an entirely different noise.

	Kaching! “Back-to-Back Tetris!” 

	At nearly the same time, Verace and Denya slammed the I shaped Tetrimino down into their respective holes (giggity), following swiftly by a second similarly shaped block. Onscreen, their mountain of blocks decreased by 8 units while their attacks cancelled each other out; However, in reality, something completely different occurred. 

	Both canine’s guts surged forward as their score dramatically increased, resting soundly on their thicker thighs. Likewise, Verace’s rump grew outwards to overtake his seat on the couch while Denya’s tail plumped up like a massive loaf of bread rising in the oven, yet retaining its doughy appearance.  It wasn’t even 15 seconds into their game and the couch was already starting to look not so big, at least compared to the two dough balls sitting on it. 

	And yet, none of them seemed to mind their sudden expansion, save for Verace wiggling his broader hips against the creaking couch. To them, all that mattered was that both of their large attacks had been countered, something none of them expected. Gritting their teeth, both furs’ strategy started to branch off from each other, their once similar-looking screens starting to differentiate quite a bit. 

	“T-Spin for Denya!”

	The draolf grinned as he felt the couch creak further, followed by the sensation of something warm, soft, and fluffy pressing against his hips. However, as tempting as it would be to reach down and give it a squishy grope, he knew that if he took his eyes off for one sec-

	“All Clear for Verace!”

	The green fox heaved a sigh of relief as he managed to clear out his entire screen of tetriminos, an incredible feat very few manage to pull off. As a reward, he felt the couch beneath him rise a bit as Denya put on a proportionate amount of weight, feeling the hefty gut roll onto his thighs. Despite the seriousness of the game, Verace couldn’t help but wag his foxy tail, sending jiggles down both of their rears. 

	And so the game continued for quite some time in a similar manner, with the two obese gamers pulling off incredible stunts in game at the cost of each other’s waistlines. One would only have to glance at whoever the larger canine was to gauge who was winning the battle, although that title tended to shift between the two. For a while Denya was struggling as his stomach started resting on his feet. However, Verace soon found himself notably behind as the edge of his plump green rump started sagging off the side of the couch. 

	It was after a series of devastating blows to both furs that they really had difficulties playing the game. A combination of the couch suddenly collapsing beneath their weight and owning fingers which were too plump to press just one button caused the two to fumble about quite a bit, their screens starting to fill with Tetrimino blocks much to their dismay. As such, they started focusing more on clearing out their own screens instead of attacking each other, although the consequences remained the same. 

	At a slower but more consistent pace, the room slowly filled with the grey and green blobs. The two furs were pressed shoulder to shoulder as they continued playing, their fingers grinding into the controller as it was one of their last limbs that remained mobile. The remains of the couch were slowly buried beneath a tidal wave of blubber. Higher and higher the two doughballs rose, their swelling matching the Tetris mounds in game. Denya was struggling to see the screen past his basketball-sized cheeks while Verace’s chest made it difficult to bring his arms together. Even the television, which was now rising with the two fatties atop the draolf’s gut, was starting to become miniscule in comparison, it’s beeping and booping drowned out by the blorps and glorps their fat made. Because of this, concentrating on the game became quite difficult, as their constantly-shifting bulk made it impossible to keep the controller steady. Just letting go of their controllers for one second would cause them to sink in the sea of blubber.

	Alas, all games must have a winner. Their screens almost filled with Tetriminos, Verace and Denya’s hearts pounded in their flabby chests, sweat drooping down their chubby faces before getting lost in their chin folds. Any mistake at this point could be fatal, and as every square inch of their bodies was filling with lard, it seemed more and more likely that one of them would lose. Until…

	“Defeat! Verace wins!”

	“YES!” The fox shouted, shooting his arm into the air which was wider than it was long. To his joy, he watched as Denya grew a few inches higher, the tips of his pointy ears rubbing against the ceiling. “What did I say about messing with Canada?”

	“Pfft, whatever,” Denya mumbled, his massive cheeks burning a bright red. All that effort he put in the game, willingly allowing their bodies to outgrow the room until both of them were starting to spill into adjacent rooms, all leading up to his defeat. He was thankful their flab at least covered up the windows so he could hide his ashamed expression, even if his broad ring of neck fat made it difficult to see his nose, let alone his face. “Best two out of three?”

	“You’re on!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/25138163/