A very long and overdue trade for  aldrichredon Featuring Al and Jack trying out a brand new Mexican restaurant. Despite the cheesy ambiance, the food is deliciously tasty, but a certain someone is there to make sure those two stay for a while..

featuring  cujobenji for winning my last raffle. Yea, remember those? I still do raffles from time to time :p



	Al considered himself to be a very multicultural fur. Ever been to Spain? Ask Al and he'll tell you where to get the best Spanish Rice. Wanting to take a trip to Italy? Al knows where every single Pizzeria is within a 20 mile radius of Rome. Planning on going to Australia? Stay away from the kangaroo is Al's advice. Because of his love of foreign food, it was only natural that the husky would immediately stop his second breakfast when his favorite jackalope friend told him about a brand new Mexican restaurant opening up nearby. Quickly throwing on his favorite clothes: a brown shirt with a red collar and a pair of pants slightly brighter than the shirt, Al sprinted out the door to meet his friend.  

	"El Chili Picante?" Al said as he looked up at this new Mexican restaurant. Above the door, the name of the restaurant was placed in large, fiery red font, right next to a cartoonish Chihuahua with a moustache in a sombrero mixing a red soup in a barrel. "That thing gives me the creeps" Al thought to himself, noticing the dog's unearthly smile. "Yeah, I know, pretty stereotypical restaurant design" Jack agreed, scratching his long ears awkwardly. "But trust me, the food here is one hundred percent genuine!" Taking one last glance at the sign, Al nodded and walked into the restaurant with his jackalope friend, pushing open the doublewide doors. 

	"Woah.." Al muttered as he stared at the sight in front of him. Immediately, the smell of sweat, chicken, and bean dip wafted into the husky's nose. Looking around, Al examined the interior of the restaurant. The floors and walls were  a dark, velvety red with the tables and chairs having a light orange color, blending into the background perfectly. All around, Al and Jack noticed furs of different species spread around the place. Most furs were busy stuffing their maws, but a couple were laughing noisily at some inside joke; a few were even singing! However, the one thing that all furs had in common El Chili Picante was their size! Every fur here had a large potbelly with a chubby face to match. Al and Jack considered themselves to be on the heavy side, but here they were downright skinny!

	Jack bit his lip and looked over to Al, hoping this chaotic scene wouldn't make his husky friend change his mind. Before Jack could apologize, however, Al suddenly sniffed the air and asked "Is that nachos I smell?" to nobody in particular. Grinning at his simple minded friend, the jackalope patted his back and walked him towards an empty booth. "It sure is, pal! They also have tortilla chips with 20 different dips! I didn't know they had that many!" 

	The jackalope grinned as he sat his round rear onto the red, padded seats, resting his back against the soft backrests, almost sinking into it. "Wow, these sure are comfy." The husky sitting across of Jack exclaimed, trying to sit upright without sinking in too much. While the chubby pair floundered in their seats, a portly, half black, half white wolf walked up to them, wearing a red vest, a sombrero, and a fake bushy moustache. "My god" Al said as he sized up the wolf, his name tag reading 'Benji' "How has this place not offended any Mexicans yet?" 

	Benji smiled and cleared his throat before speaking in fluent Spanish. "Hola y bienvenidos al picante Chili! ¿En qué puedo servirle?" Judging by the looks of total confusion from Al and Jack, Benji awkwardly cleared his throat and repeated himself, but in English (and less enthusiasm). "Welcome to the Spicey Chili. How may I help you?" Al grinned and glanced at his menu, pleased to finally understand what his bi-colored waiter said, and ordered his meal. "Yeah, I'll have the Mile-long Nacho with extra cheese" Benji quickly scribbled into his notepad before looking at the jackalope.  "I'll take the Much Gusto Burritos, extra beans please." With a nod, the two colored wolf finished writing down their orders before placing his pen back into his vest pocket and returning to the kitchen to relay the orders. At this point, Al and Jack finally managed to sit upright in their booths without sinking in or falling over, but only barely. 

	"What channel is that?" Al asked as he looked to his left, noticing a TV placed on the edge of the table suddenly turn on, a Mexican soap opera playing in Spanish with English subtitles. "I'm not sure" replied Jack as he rested his chin on his paws, staring intently at the screen. On the TV, a male Mexican wolf was confessing all of his dark sins to his love, a female coyote. The subtitles went by way to quickly for either friend to read, but it was clear on both canine's faces that this is a very serious matter. Despite not understanding the language, neither Al nor Jack could tear their eyes away from the drama, not even when Benji arrived with their drinks. Sitting hunched forward, the husky and the jackalope continued watching their show as they sipped their sugary drinks, not even questioning how Benji knew what flavors they like best!

	"Noooo! Why did you have to do it!" Al yelled into the portable television, his eyes glistening from uncried tears. "You could have had so much *sniff* better!" Jack yelled from across where the husky was sitting, suppressing a sob. "If only you could see what you did was wrong!" Al whimpered again, his eyes glued to the soap opera as he grabbed a large pawful of chips... then stopped, staring at his paw. "Hey Jack? When did the waiter come with our food?" The jackalope, his face mere inches from the television screen, leaned back and looked at Al. "Huh.. you know I didn't even hear our food arriving! That waiter must be, like, a ninja or something" Jack replied as he took a large bite of nacho, a thin coating a cheese covering his lips. "Yea… a ninja" Al slowly replied as the TV suddenly switched from drama to sports.

	Benji snickered as he walked away, sneaking a quick peek from over his shoulder. Sure enough, the jackalope and husky were glued to that television as they scarfed down those cheese, grease filled nachos. "I can't believe how well this is working" the multicolored wolf whispered to himself as he walked through the isle, ducking as an intoxicated fox threw a taco for no apparent reason. "Most furs that come here barely glance at the T.V before getting bored and leaving, but those two would probably watch for the rest of their lives if they could! Maybe the Hypnosis Factor™ isn't malfunctioning for once." Benji grinned as he swung open the double wide doors to the kitchen. Several chefs, who were in the process of deep frying and buttering, paused briefly to listen to what their boss was about to announce. "Alight, I need about ten more baskets of nacho stat! We got a lively couple out there, and we don't want them to get hungry!"

	Nearly an hour has passed since the two friends have started their binged eating/T.V watching marathon, and it was really starting to show on their pudgy bodies. Jack's cheeks, constantly full of food, sagged slightly around his chubby muzzle, jiggling every time he opened his mouth for another pawful of greasy nachos. His thick, cylinder arms sway and wobble uncontrollably every time he reaches for more food before resting on top of his mountainous belly, now squishing into the table due to its sheer size. His plate-sized moobs rest heavily upon his gelatinous stomach, constantly squished together whenever Jack crosses his arms together. While not having quite as big a belly as his jackalope friend, Jack's own body has swelled up with lard considerably, his stomach not quite reaching the table. However, the husky's large rear makes up for it, making him look like he's sitting on two small bean bag chairs! His thighs brush heavily against each other, almost wedged between the table and the chair. All in all, these two were more than fat, they were large, obese pigs who couldn't stop eating.

	Al continued to stare at the television as he blindly reached for the next plate of nachos, only to find his paw swiping blindly at the air. Taking a break from gazing at the screen at the table, lifting the dirty, cluttered plates in hopes for some more food. "Hey Jack?" Al called across to his large friend, his face mere inches away from the TV as he licked his cheesy lips.  "What is it?" Jack replied, looking up to look at his friend… causing his jaw to drop, smooshing his several chins. "Holy crap! What happened to you? You must have gained, like, two hundred pounds!" Al gave Jack a confused look as he looked at his doughy body, squeezing one of his love handles. "What are you talking about? I've always been on the chunky side… You should be looking at yourself! Your ass is wider than two bar stools!" Jack's chubby face flushed red with indignation and embarrassment. "Coming from the bunny who has a yoga ball for a stomach!" "Well at least I won't have any trouble picking out jeans tomorrow!"

	The bantering went on for several minutes, the jackalope and husky playfully insulting each other's weight gain until Benji came back again, his tail wagging quickly. "Hey there! How are my two favorite customers?" The dual colored wolf said, smiling brightly. Al and Jack looked over, realizing just now how loud they had been bickering. "Oh, uh, we're just fine" Al muttered, somewhat embarrassed. "We finished our meals, Mr. Benji. Could you please send us the bill?" Benji's tail briefly halted, a look of concern evident on his face. "W-what do you mean? Surely, you'd like to try our… burritos?" Jack chuckled and tried scooting himself out of the booth, his thick legs rippling endlessly. "Thanks, but no thanks. We're a little low on money at the moment. We'll come back tomorrow!"


	Benji bit his lip tightly, tasting a little blood. He had to do something fast, before his fattened customers leave a thousand pounds shy of his goal! Quickly thinking, the black and white wolf dug into his pocket and pressed a button on his remote, changing the channel on the TV and raising the volume much higher than necessary. Jack and Al's attention quickly changed from Benji to the television, watching a live soccer (technically football, since it's in Spain) game. "Hey look, sports.." Al muttered as the trance suddenly took hold of both obese furs, causing them to stare unblinkingly at the television. "That's what I thought" Benji sneered as he walked into the kitchen, a large smile evident on his face as he took off the fake moustache and sombrero. "Good work, boys! Those two customers won't be leaving anytime soon, time to make two of everything!" One of the chef's a rotund wolf with a blue stripe, gasped at such an order. "What?!? Are you sure, boss? Are you saying there are two furs out there who want one of everything?" Denya said, a look of astonishment clear on his face. Benji just nodded, still grinning. "Of course, little bro. They want it all…"

	Al and Jack continued to stare at the miniature as they devoured plate after plate after plate of the greasy, salty food, unaware of the changes made to their bodies as they ate. Both fat furs plumped up rounder and rounder as the scarffed down burritos, tacos, and enchiladas. Their stomachs were constantly stuffed with those heart-clogging food, forcing their bodies to metabolize it all into pure lard, stretching their clothes to the limit before they burst into shreds. Because neither blob were experienced with Mexican food, It was quite common for Al and Jack to spill meat onto their chins, muzzle, and moobs, staining their fur. For some odd reason, neither Al or Jack seemed to mind their bodies piling on more and more lard; they were just content on watching and eating, watching and eating….

	"Hey.. something's touching *URRRRP!* my stomach." Al lazily muttered in-between snacking, his eyes still focused on the television. "Hey… mine too.." Jack replied as he chewed on his fifteenth  burrito, briefly leaning forward to let out a noisy fart. "I wonder *hic* what it could *urrp* be? It's not like we *hic* moved at all… oh wait it's just my stomach touching yours…" Realization suddenly dawned on the massive husky as he studied himself as his friend.

	They were huge! They weren't fat, they were humongous, obese blobs of lard! Jack's cheeks now sagged down nearly to his shoulders as well as obscured part of his vision, his chins resting on his moobs while completely hiding his thick neck. His arm's had swollen up bigger than his legs were a couple hours ago, making them extremely hard to just lift food to his maw without causing a series of waves to ripple around his sea of a body. His pillow-sized moobs not only rested on his stomach, but on part of the table as well, always staying in Jack's peripheral vision. But the most amazing feature on the jackalope's new body was his immense stomach! His titanic stomach was not only fat enough to engulf his thighs and rest on the ground, but it bulged out to the point of rubbing against his friend's smaller stomach. Al, while not quite having the belly the jackalope had, made up for it through his oak tree thighs and beach ball butt. 

	"Well, I see you two are looking cosy." Jack and Al quickly turned their heads, feeling their chins jiggle as they stared a very pleased looking Benji. "It took you two long enough to stop watching that special TV. I knew you two would get larger but dang, you two are just borderline blobs!" Looking around, Al noticed for the first time the rowdy customers in the restaurant had long been subdued after they switched their attention to the television. What were once slightly chubby furs were all beanbag-looking piles of blubber. Some were sitting on three barstools at a time, some five, and a few were even laying on the ground! Nonetheless, they were all doing what Al and Jack were doing for the past few hours: stuffing their faces silly while watching hypnotic football.

	"You jerk! Wait till I get out of here!" Jack growled as he struggled to ease out of the booth, his ocean of a body rippling and sloshing nosily as tons and tons of blubber stirred. "Oh, I don't think you're going anywhere!" Benji said with a smirk as he suddenly leaped onto the table, stuffing both blobs simultaneously with a taco so fattening, grease ran off the sides of their muzzles. "You two will make great figures to my 'collection'" Benji smiled as he continued stuffing the two helpless friends with the greasiest of Mexican food, causing them to fatten right on the spot! However, he didn't expect one thing: the looks of satisfaction. "Mmmm, keep it coming!" Jack said as he chewed on his taco, feeling his rear push him higher up. "I promised my best friend I'd give him a night to remember, and that's exactly what I'll give him!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11895119/