Amazing commission I got from  alkora <3 

It's also what finally broke my writers block and let me write lol. I'd love to do a followup to this piece if anyone wants that ^^





“So, uh, you guys like car games?” 

It was a pathetic excuse at a conversation starter, one that Denya immediately regretted, given that no one in the car even turned towards him. The dragon-wolf hybrid tried looking around for any sort of response, but all he got were a few quick glances before they continued staring out the window silently to watch the beautiful sunset. With a sigh, Denya joined them. 

This was the most uncomfortable road trip he had ever been on, partially because he wasn’t even expecting a road trip. The ad on Craigslist simply asked for someone who could help with a birthday party and promised free transportation, and Denya, with an abundance of free time and lack of money, thought it’d be fun to apply. What the ad didn’t say, however, was how far this party was. They were completely on rural road, with no sign of a town either behind or ahead of them. The draolf did enjoy a nice change of pace from time to time, to be sure, and he did have to admit the setting Arizona sun did look nice; he just wished he could have experienced it without having to cram himself in the back of a 2015 Ford Expedition with four other strangers. 

And boy was it cramped, although he supposed it was somewhat his fault. 

Denya was fat. So fat, in fact, that he took up the majority of the three-seater back seats, the two foxes on either side of him forced to rub against his doughy sides. Those foxes, twin brothers named Kevin and Kyle according to the Craigslist posting, didn’t seem too thrilled either about having to share their seating room with a 500+ pound hybrid whose stomach could fill their lap as well as his. Denya tried his best to make the experience as easy on them as he could; sucking in his soft gut, tucking in his large legs, even holding onto his belly with both arms, but there was only so much he could do. It didn’t help that he also had a pair of wings and an enormous dragon tail, as was common with his species. While the wings were easy to tuck away, his tail was another problem, containing dull white spikes that would occasionally poke against Kevin’s back, causing him to hiss in discomfort. 

Denya felt bad, especially as they went over another bump, jostling his bulk against the poor thin foxes. “U-uh, do you know how much further we have to go?” 

From the rearview mirror, the hybrid could see the driver, a croc wearing dark shades named Jesse, turn his attention to him. “Eh, ‘bout  another hour or so. Not too far.”

“That sounds pretty far,” Denya thought to himself, huffing. This situation was getting more uncomfortable by the moment; it was bad enough they still had another hour to go, but, to the doughy draolf’s horror, he realized the car was actually starting to heat up. Did Jesse turn off the AC to save gas or something? Either way, it wouldn’t be long before he started to sweat, and then he’d really ruin those poor foxes day! They were already looking ready to throw him out of the car as it was. 

His stomach gurgled, which gave the hybrid an idea. He could salvage this situation yet. “Hey, uh, mind if we stop at, like, a McDonalds or something? To, uh, stretch our legs a little?”

Jesse snorted. “We’re already runnin’ pretty late. It’d be dark by the time we got there if we stopped now,” the crocodile muttered matter of factly. 

Well, so much for airing out. Still, the hybrid’s middle rumbled again, this time perking up the ears of not only the foxes on either side of him, but the hyena sitting in the passenger's seat as well. “So, that means we can’t go through the drive through?” If he couldn’t fan himself, he would have at least liked to have filled his belly. 

“Oh, so yer hungry, huh?” Denya’s ears folded back at the aggressive nature of that question, unconsciously holding his belly back even more. The hyena -whose name Denya completely forgotten, but he was certain it started with an M. Malakai? He looked like a Malakai- grinned widely at him, looking as if he were struggling to suppress a snicker. 

A few seconds later, Denya realized the hyena was expecting a response. “U-uh...just a little?”

Jesse snorted again. “Don’t tease him, dude.” 

But Malakai just grinned wider before looking forward, opening up the glove compartment. “I’m noooot! The big boy is hungry, and yer the one not feeding him. Some kinda host you are!” Snickering loudly, the hyena continued rummaging through the glove compartment. Out of curiosity, Denya tried leaning forward to see what he was looking for, but struggling to move much thanks once again to his own gut. 

He nearly yelped out of shock when Malakai suddenly shoved something soft against his sensitive nose. “Here ya go! I’ll be the generous one and let you have my sandwich.” 

Denya was confused. The sandwich, if it could even be called that, was just two pieces of whole wheat bread pressed against each other, with no sign of meat, cheese, or even a condiment in between them. However, there was a strange lump in the middle of it, which made the hybrid tilt his head curiously. Was it a pickle? 

“Go on, eaaaat it!” 

Folding his ears, the fat draolf carefully grabbed onto the sandwich, although Malakai kept awkwardly holding onto it. He must have intended for Denya to only take a bite. Nervously, the draolf took a small nibble and, upon tasting only bread, decided to open wide and take a large chomp out of the middle. 

“Quick! Get him!” 

Denya’s green eyes widened with shock. His sharp canines dug into something thick and rubbery, wedging them in place. He didn’t even have time to react to the strange feeling or the sudden shouting; both vulpines on either side of him were far too quick. They wedged themselves against him, pinning his soft arms against his own sides while their paws squeezed at his chubby muzzle; one of them holding it shut, the other fastening a thin rope around it. Squirming and grunting in defiance, he tried spitting out whatever it was that was in his mouth, his tongue pushing against a plastic opening. A shiver went down his spine as he realized he had a hose inside his maw!

Malakai’s cackling continued. “What’s the matter, tubby? Was my sandwich not good enough for ya? Don’t worry, this oughta fill up that big tum of yours!” With a hard crank, the hybrid grunted as he felt cold air shoot straight down his maw, pumping itself down his throat! The twin vulpines held his arms tight, meaning he was forced to swallow every last gulp. Even at his own large size, the draolf was quick to notice the changes. 

His shirt, for example, started straining against his middle, the buttons widening bit by bit, revealing tufts of his silver-grey fur between them. The pressure grew, so much so that the hybrid squinted from the feeling, before mentally sighing in relief as those buttons pinged off one after another, his middle surging forward another few inches with each button. 

Kevin groaned to his right after finishing up his handiwork, speaking up for the first time this trip. “Danggit, you couldn’t have waited until after we got there?! His fatass was already spilling into our seats, now we gotta deal with the rest of him pressing against us!” 

“Oh relax, it was funny! Besides, I’m helping tubby lose a bit of weight before we get there!” Malakai sneered, pressing his paws into Denya’s exposed middle. The hyena’s paws bounced and squeezed against the hybrid’s belly, which started to round out further into a perfect sphere like a balloon, yet still retained much of its original squish and jiggle. It was such a strange feeling, Denya didn’t know whether to giggle from the ticklish feeling or whimper at the humiliation of it all. “Awww, don’t look so down, champ! Why dontcha lighten up!” 

That settled it; Denya chose to whimper. Especially as his felt the extra air pump into the rest of his body. His cherubic cheeks became even more so, eclipsing his vision partially. His arms and legs thickening and rounding out like inflatable floaties, making it harder to squirm and kick and wiggle his way out. So much so, in fact, that when the fox twins finally released his arms, he found himself unable to reach past his own bloated chest to reach at the hose in his maw! No where else to turn, the ballooning hybrid turned his gaze over to the driver, pleading at him with his wide green eyes. 

Unfortunately, he couldn’t see the gator’s expression thanks to those thick shades, although he did hear a deep sigh. “Look, we were planning on telling you sooner or later, but like I said, we’re really running behind on time. This party is for a macro who really has a thing for...let's call it ‘homemade balloons.’ We, uh, figured you wouldn’t be too eager about it if we told you outright, especially with how much helium it’s gonna take to, uh, get you floating. It’s just for the evening, then we’ll deflate and pay ya.” 

Denya reeeeeally wasn’t so sure about all of this. Between Jesse’s overly casual tone, Kevin and Kyle’s constant complaining, and Malakai’s giggling and prodding, the hybrid wished he could still bend his legs properly so he could kick himself for going along with this stupid offer. Alas, he was stuck here and couldn’t do much to voice his complaints, and so he decided to sit back, watching the hyena poking and squeezing his belly, the jiggling and wobbling slowly ironing out. He was already quite the sphere, yet he continued blowing up bigger...and bigger...and bigger…

So big, in fact, that he soon noticed the vulpine twins were pressed against the window at this point. “Seriously, Kai, turn it off! We can hardly breathe back here!” Kyle exclaimed. 

Malakai rolled his eyes. “Fiiiine, you killjoys. I’ll turn it off for now.” Grumbling to himself, the hyena turned around, messing around with what Denya presumed to be the air tank attached to the hose. He allowed himself a sigh of relief through his nose; finally, he could catch a breather, no pun intended. 

Seconds passed, the minutes; the hybrid’s inflation continuing steadily on. Denya was getting worried; outside of his arms and legs shrinking into his swollen abdomen to the point where they resembled small spheres on their own, his ears wilted as he heard quiet creaking noises coming from his stuffed belly, which bulged out far enough to completely block Malokai’s and Jesse’s vision of each other. 

“Well?” Said Kevin impatiently, trying to fight off the advancing wall of draolf. 

A sheepish chuckle was Malakai’s response. “Eeeheheh, so I, erh, accidently broke the valve, I think…”

“Aw crap, seriously?! Pull over, Jesse, we gotta get blubberbutt out!” 

The car screeched to a halt, hard enough to have thrown Denya to the front seat if he weren’t his own airbag. The side doors flew open, and the fox twins flew out, allowing the hybrid to fully expand enough to shred his pants to pieces. That moment of freedom certainly felt nice, even if he was still quite cramped filling out the entire backseat of a Ford, but he wasn’t allowed to get too cozy as he felt four pairs of paws push and shove on his left flank. “Errrrf! C’mon, get him out before he wrecks my car!” 

As with everything else in the past 10 minutes, Denya had no say in anything, instead grunting and groaning as he was pushed, pushed pushed against the open car door. With every forceful shove, the hybrid felt another wedge of his overinflated self squeeze through the comparatively-tiny aperture; first his bloated tail, then his enormous rear, making it seem as if the car were blowing a big black bubble. By all accounts, it doesn’t make sense that someone as massive as poor Denya would have been able to squeeze through, yet his previously-plump padding somehow managed to give his body enough give to just barely push through. 

With one final shove, Denya was free of the car’s grip, staggering and rolling backwards uncontrollably before his puffed up tail caught him. It was a miracle he was even standing; his legs were practically nonexistent at this point, replaced with two thick cylinders with nubby, bouncy footpaws at the bottom. His arms were in a similar state, his paws forced out in a near 90-degree angle, everything from his paws to his fingers bloated and stuffed with air. A thick tire had developed around the hybrid’s neck, locking his head firmly in place. He could barely move, barely even see past his broad chest, although he did note that he was actually somewhat larger than the car now, making him wonder how he had managed to squeeze out of it in the first place. The only limb that didn’t regress into his ballooning body, however, was his incredible tail, the 7 foot long appendage now almost just as wide and becoming increasingly difficult to bend.

*Thunk!*

If Denya could bend his knees, he would have jumped as he heard what he presumed to be the airtank flop out of the car and land next to him. He looked down, looking desperately for one of the four acquaintances in hopes that they would finally untie his muzzle and let him deflate properly. 

Alas, his heart sank (the only sinking feeling he had felt in a while) as he heard the car doors open and shut once again, the car revving up. The front window squeaked as it rolled down, and Denya could hear Jesse’s voice calling out to him. “Sorry, man, but like I said we’re in a huge hurry! We’ll come back for ya, I promise. Just...hang tight for a bit.” And with that, the car sped off, with Malakai calling out something about avoiding needles. 

Poor Denya. He left his house preparing to go to a free birthday party, and ended the day left on the side of the road looking like a miniature Goodyear blimp! With folded ears, he slowly attempted to waddle after the speeding vehicle, each step more cumbersome than the last. Waddling was an absolute nightmare, given how easy it would have been for him to accidentally topple over and roll uncontrollably! To make matters worse, he could still hear the air tank hissing as it dragged behind him; it was still inflating him! 

His vision worsened, tufts of grey fur obscuring more of it as his torso expanded even further. Denya’s steps grew longer and longer apart, until one specific instance where he made to step forward, yet somehow missed the ground! With a muffled yelp, he completely rolled backward, yet never felt the ground brush against his back. With his limited field of vision and movement, it took the hybrid a few moments to realize he was completely suspended in the air! 

Higher and higher, rounder and rounder, the draolf grunting at the sheer fullness he was feeling. He mentally praised himself for all the eating contests he had entered in the past; without them, there was no way he would have lasted this long! Suddenly, his muzzle was yanked downwards, forced to look at the ground. The air tank was still grounded, the hose keeping the hybrid tethered to it, even as his rear wobbled and swayed in the air. 

He was stuck. Denya couldn’t even flap his bloated wings to rotate himself; he was firmly trapped within his own body. Each second that passed bloated him up further, different parts of him creaking and groaning, drum-taut and stuffed with enough air to inflate a bounce house. Every car that passed sent him wobbling and swaying back and forth from the air, confirming Denya’s fear that he looked no different from an actual balloon. He sighed heavily through his nose, hoping Jesse and his group would come back to him soon. It wouldn’t be long before it became nighttime, where it’d be even harder to find him thanks to his dark black fur. And he wasn’t sure he could last an entire night of inflating. 

For now, at least he could enjoy the beautiful sunset.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33242867/