My part of a trade with  maylowfox featuring his character, Nameless, running away after pranking a certain someone, only to get himself stuck at a cake factory... yea you can see where this is going X3

also congrats to  stysis who won my raffle and is in this story :3

... I've been writing a lot about foxes lately :p



	Nameless panted noisily as he tore across the street, tail tucked tightly between his legs as the red-haired grey fox dashed away from the scene of the crime. Nameless' footpaws slapped heavily against several deep puddles, the rain impairing his vision, giving him an unsure sense of direction. Ever since he was a pup, Nameless has been fond of mischief: tying the table cloth to an unsuspecting fur's pants, 'borrowing' a few cupcakes from the kitchen, even sneaking out of the house when he was grounded. Despite his sneaky antics, the grey fox was still nice to be around. He would sit by his friends who were having bad days instead of trying to sneak a live fish down their pants. He even recalled how his teacher refused to suspend him after seeing Nameless hug a pranked tiger cub, crying softly with him. With the amount of trouble Nameless was in, however, it was unlikely the fox could simply hug someone and fix the problem right away. The fur chasing him was out for blood, it seemed like!

	Nameless stepped in a slippery puddle and flailed, his entire body lurching backwards before managing to maintain his balance again. The grey fox's heart thumped harder and harder in his chest, his fur raised up, knowing that, as every second passed, his pursuer was gaining ground. It would only be a matter of seconds before his tail will be grabbed and yanked, signaling the beginning of the end! Nameless' heart rose to his throat, the grey fox close to tears. "What am I gonna do?!" He thought to himself again and again, his hope waning thin. 

	Appearing in front of the darkness, Nameless noticed a fence with a small hole in the bottom! "Perfect!" He squealed with glee. "He's too round to follow me under here!" Without hesitation, Nameless dived into the hole, tearing up his lime green shirt up a bit. Gritting his teeth in pain, the thin fox slowly wiggled his way through, his jeans getting ripped up, until he managed to burst free! Nameless allowed himself a quick grin before scampering off, wanting as much distance as possible as he ran towards the large, dark building in front of him, missing the "DO NOT ENTER" sign on the way in. 

	Nameless tip toed around the large, hallow building, the dark sky outside not permitting any light from shining through the windows, making it hard to see what is inside. Because of this, the grey fox had to squint his eyes, barely making out a few long metal objects. "Perfect for hiding" Nameless muttered to himself, his quiet voice echoing across the walls a couple times. Slowly bumbling around, Nameless kept his eyes and ears open, trying to sense the presence of anyone while exploring. To the grey fox's surprise, the entire room was empty! With a sigh of relief, Nameless continued tiptoeing around,  noticing door at the back. Taking a deep breath, Nameless grabbed the handle and opened it, his curiosity getting the better of him. 

	The grey fox's jaw dropped as Nameless stared at the mountain before him, a dim light bulb revealing it to be a giant pile of cherry cake, his favorite!! "No way..." Was all he could make out, his eyes as wide as dinner plates while he stared at all of this. Without meaning to, he slowly stepped forward, his arm outstretched while staring directly at the delicious pile of pastries ahead of him. Without meaning to, Nameless struck out his paw and grabbed a handful of the cake, the cake squishing in-between his fingers, before bringing it to his maw, scarfing down the delicious cherry cake. Nameless almost moaned in delight, never tasting anything quite as fresh before! With a squeal of excitement, Nameless dove into the cake pile, smearing the messy pastries onto his fur and ripped clothing as he mindlessly munched away. 

	Nameless decided to lie on his back, the fluffy cherry cakes providing a messy bed for him while the greedy fox ate. Reaching behind him, Nameless grabbed a chunk of cake with his right paw and stuffed it in his maw, chewing it softly before swallowing it. After that, he reached back with his left paw to grab a slab of cake and eat it, before moving onto the right paw, rinse, and repeat. The hungry fox ignored the slight pain his stomach gave out after over eating and continued to stuff his face, not noticing his growing paunch. As each bite was made, Nameless' flat stomach bulged out a bit more, his chest, once skinny enough to see his ribcage, filled out with more flab, a pair of spherical moobs starting to appear. Nameless belched and lazily scratched his softened rear, failing to notice how it now squishes to the touch, his mind too busy set on eating...

	A half an hour later, Nameless let out a loud belch, a paw resting on his fattened belly. The chubby fox weighed nearly 550 pounds of flab after his feast of cherry cakes, frosting and crumbs appearing all along his shirt. His entire body looked immensely plumped up. Nameless' belly took the blunt of the damage, swollen up to the size of a yoga ball, forcing his shirt to rest on his thick moobs. Not far behind his belly, Nameless' rump grew considerably as well, each cheek the size of a basketball. The cake hill Nameless was laying on had slowly dwindled into nothing more than a mound of smooshed dough and frosting, smearing against his round rump and tail. "Man..." Nameless said to himself, his eyes half opened. "This is the most *hic* cherry cake I've *hic* eaten in a ... forever!" Nameless continued hiccupping, his body quivering with each burst of gas leaving his body. Yawning, the big bellied fox leaned back, laying his round head on his plump arms as he slowly fell asleep...

	*click click click click* Nameless abruptly woke up as his sensitive ears picked up the sound of someone walking. Gasping in fear, the heavy fox quickly sat upright, his fat gut resting on his lap. Nameless tried getting up to run, but, to his horror, the heavy fox actually sank into the bed of cakes, restricting his movement. Panting heavily, Nameless struggled and squirmed, his entire body quivering and rippling. Despite his best efforts, however, Nameless remained stuck, the extra cake and extra weight making it too hard of a challenge for him to escape... until his arm was grabbed and yanked on! With a squeak, Nameless leaned forward as he felt himself slowly rising out of the cake mound, his backside completely covered in the pink frosting. "Well well well, what do we have here?" his captor sneered.

	Nameless shamefully looked towards the voice, his chubby cheeks as pink as the cake. Holding him by the arm was a tall, blue and white husky in a weird uniform. The name "Stysis" was tailored across his collar. "Looks like this little thief was a bit too hungry to steal anything, am I right?" Stysis snickered, loving the feeling of finally catching a crook for the first time. Nameless, on the other hand, was hating every minute of this, his head sinking back more and more, making his neck look fatter. "N-no! it's not that, mister! I was being chased, and- urk!" Nameless yipped as he was yanked by the blue and white husky, his iron-tight grip cutting into the obese fox's arm fat. "No excuses! You're coming with me, fatty!" Nameless folded his ears and solemnly followed, his heavy body jiggling with every step.

	Stysis lead Nameless back into the previous room, still dark as ever. Fishing in his shirt pocket with his free paw, the white and blue wolf grabbed a special remote and pressed a button, lights suddenly flashing on all around the two. Nameless flinched and help a pudgy paw up to shield himself while letting his eyes adjust. As soon as he lowered his paw, however, the fat fox gasped in surprise. In the middle of the large room stood an extremely long conveyor belt fitted with several unknown gadgets. "Impressive, huh?" Stysis grinned as he led his captive towards the end of it, wagging his tail excitedly for some reason. "This machine is a real beauty, it's just a shame I never really get to play with it, but thanks to you, I finally have an excuse! Now, get on, tubby!" Stysis snarled as he prodded Nameless' large rear, making the plush fox whimper in humiliation. Knowing he had no choice, Nameless grunted as he started to heft his considerable bulk onto a wide, metal table positioned at the very end of the conveyor belt. Nameless grunted and hefted, his fat squishing into the edge of the table deeply, preventing him from climbing very much. "Looks like you havn't always been this fat, have you? That should teach you to eat other fur's cakes!" Stysis growled as he grabbed the chunky fox's legs, swinging them onto the table.

	No sooner did Nameless plop on the table did Stysis press another button from his remote, the table suddenly cuffing the obese fox's wrists and angles tight. Nameless yelped as he felt the cold metal press against his back, gazing up at an upside down- looking Stysis in fear. Before he could plead again, the blue and white husky pressed another button. Soon, the conveyor belt whirrled to life, the various gadgets and gizmos working hard to create... a red velvet cake? Nameless furrowed his brow in confusion as the fresh cake slowly made his way to his muzzle before opening his maw, gulping it down happily. "Heheh, good thing you're laying on your back, fatso. It makes it much easier for me to see how plump you're getting." Nameless' eyes shot wide open, realizing too late what this contraption was  made for. As he opened his mouth to yell, another cake flew right in, forcing the chunky fox to gack and swallow it, realizing there was no way out of it...

	Nameless whimpered as he was forced to consume cake after cake, the machine slowly picking up speed. Despite trying to keep his maw shut, Nameless found himself eating anything that came near his maw, his chubby muzzle and face getting red velvet cake all over it. As the rotund fox ate, Nameless felt his belly start to grow heavier, gradually growing higher while taking up  more space. Grinning wickedly, Stysis slapped his paw on top of the fox's large grey belly, making it slosh audibly. "That's right, chubby, just keep eating. You wanted your cakes, well now's your chance to eat a lifetime's supply!" With a click of his remote, Stysis doubled the machine's construction rate, a cake flying into Nameless's fat maw ever 5 seconds. 

	Time passed slowly for Nameless as the blob of a fox kept growing bigger. With each swallow, Nameless felt his stomach rise another inch higher, slowly covering his thick limbs with its sheer size. Nameless' fatty chins quivered with each gulp he took, obscuring most of his neck. As the fox grew fatter, Stysis grew eager, cranking up the machine even faster to help Nameless grow even bigger. Soon, the cuffs around his wrists grew very tight, threatening to pop off at any minute. Stysis failed to notice, or possibly just didn't care, as he started climbing on Nameless, using the fox's thick rolls as foot holds. "Almost done, fatty!" Stysis yelled from atop of Nameless, sinking into the ocean of grey pudge. "Just a few more ca-" 

	The large, metal table suddenly collapsed on itself, only designed for morbidly obese furs, and not the whale of a fox currently residing on it. Nameless quickly fell with a loud thump, shaking the entire room and rattling the windows. Stysis barely noticed until waves of fat began rolling around the 8,000 pound fox. "Woah! You even broke the table! No one's ever done that before!" Nameless blushed a bit, only the top of his head and muzzle visible underneath all of that flab. Stysis giggled and slid off the blobby grey fox, scraping off a bit of frosting as he went. "Just curious, what did you do that caused you to be chased all the way here?" The white and blue husky asked, shaking crumbs off from his rear. Nameless, despite the embarrassing situation he was in, couldn't help but grin a bit. "The one prank no one should ever do. I stole one of Denya's donuts."

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11326855/