A giftie for Mehji on Twitter, who decides to enjoy one of Denya's donuts after plenty of peer pressuring. Surely nothing can go wrong :3 

I like blueberry inflation stuff but I don't often get the chance to write about it lmao. I'm still a fat writer through and through, I just like to sprinkle in some variety now and then :p

I hope you all enjoy <3



	“D-dang, Denya. Are you practicing for an eating contest or something?” 

	Mehji blinked as he watched the dragonwolf cram yet another donut into his pudgy muzzle as if it were candy, the little lizard completely awestruck at the sight. After devouring two boxes single handedly, he’d think the doughy draolf would start feeling full by now. 

	Yet, the hybrid was already reaching for another glazed even with his maw full of the fried frosted ring of dough. Denya smirked, dimples forming in his chubby cheeks. “Nah, but that’s a pretty good excuse! I should use that sometime.” 

	Mehji chuckled awkwardly, rubbing the spikes along the back of his head. How else was he supposed to respond to that? Denya had invited him over a few hours ago for snacks and videogames, yet the draolf had been doing far more of the former, as evident by the empty boxes piling up alongside  the couch. Well, he figured that’s how Denya had earned, or rather gained, the frame he did. 

	The blond dragon-wolf hybrid completely dominated his half of the two-seater couch, his thick love handles spilling over the armrest. The black canine’s grey shirt had lifted up during his hour long donut binge, exposing the fluffy cloud-like belly, along with the blue stripe that separated the white and black. Said belly was currently resting on his thick lap and proved to be a bit of the hindrance whenever the draolf reached for more, which he did quite often. 

	Denya’s chubby muzzle lifted upwards as he caught the lizard staring, patting the side of his wobbling tum. “Jealous?” 

	“Jealous?!” Mehji’s pale-green cheeks turned a few shades redder. “Why would I be jealous?” 

	“Cuz you’re a twig.” 

	“No I’m not! I just look thin compared to you!” Mehji frowned. Soon, that frown turned into a giggle as he felt those plump fingers prod at his sensitive boney middle. Unfortunately, Denya was right; there really wasn’t much hidden beneath the lizard’s sky-blue shirt. Heck, said shirt was a size M and it still hung loosely off his frame. 

	The hybrid continued to playfully poke Mehji’s firm stomach, snickering. “You totally are a twig, dude. You’re even colored like one!” 

	“I am not!’ Mehji threw his controller at the draolf, watching it bounce harmlessly off those squishy sides. 

	Denya responded by reaching for the coffee table, and the lizard was horrified the hybrid was about to throw the entire table at him in return. Instead, the draolf grabbed a jelly-filled donut from the table, but rather than stuffing himself with it for once, he held it out to the lizard’s muzzle. “You should eat, then. Put some meat on them bones.” 

	Mehji frowned as he took the donut. “That’s not the kind of meat I want to put on.” 

	“It’s better than no meat at all.” 

	“I beg to differ.” 

	Denya rolled his eyes. “One donut’s not gonna make you fat, dude. Besides, you’re really missing out. There’s not gonna be any donuts like these left after tonight.” 

	“Why, cuz you’ll eat them all?” Mehji snorted. 

	Even Denya had to suppress a chuckle at that one. “Harr harr. I meant, like, the store’s closing down and everything. They had this ‘Everything Must Go!’ sale or whatever, so I made sure to get my money’s worth.” 

	“Ah.” Mehji raised a brow. “I thought you usually bought this many donuts.” 

	“I do, but this time I got a great deal on ‘em,” the hybrid smirked, completely missing the obvious jab at his weight. Instead, he jabbed the lizard’s scrawny chest again, prompting another squeak. “Eat it! I don’t like blueberry anyways.” 

	Mehji huffed. He wanted to respond with a “why, because blueberries are healthy?” As funny as that would have been, he felt it wouldn’t be too nice to sass the draolf who was at least sharing from his horde of pastries. And while he was no connoisseur of confections, the spiky lizard had to admit the donut did look appetizing. 

	With a shrug, he took a bite, grunting as the inside of his mouth was overwhelmed with flavor. Damn, that was a hell of a blueberry donut! A single bite was enough to almost give him sensory overload! How Denya could munch on these things like popcorn, he’ll never know. One bite already gave him the satisfaction of eating an entire donut. 

	But Denya kept staring at him, grinning. “What’d I tell you? Pretty good, huh?” 

	“Yeah…” Mehji hesitantly took a second bite. And then a third. Not even halfway through the donut, and he was already feeling stuffed. What the heck did they put in this thing? And more importantly, how much of it was gonna end up on his hips? It sounded like a trivial thing to be worried about; after all, it was as Denya said: A single donut wasn’t gonna make him fat. Speaking of fat, the draolf had already demolished another two donuts in the time it took Mehji to work through the first half. 

	Clearing his throat, the lizard plowed through the rest of the donut, if only to avoid the tauntings of his fat friend. That last gulp was followed by a muffled burp; he was freaking stuffed! With a groan, Mehji slumped back against the couch, rubbing a paw along his middle. Crap, it was actually looking a little bloated! That donut felt like a whole cake! 

	He grunted as a glazed donut bumped against his muzzle, the draolf poking him with it. “Want another.” 

	“Seriously?” Mehji groaned, swiping the fat arm away. “I feel like I’m gonna pop!” 

	“From a single donut?” Denya snickered, bringing his arm in to bite the glazed ring. “You really are a twig.” 

	“Shut it, tubby.” If Denya was gonna be unabashed at how fat he is, then why should Mehji hold back his comments? He groaned as he leaned back to grab the controller he threw at Denya. “Are we finally gonna play, or do I have to watch you eat for another hour?” 

	“I’m down for either,” the hefty hybrid shrugged those broad shoulders. He was halfway towards bringing yet another donut to his maw when he noticed the incredulous look his friend was giving him. “Oh, you were joking. Yeah, we can start playing.” 

	Mehji sighed through his nose.


	With that debacle finally out of the way, the reptilian and half-reptilian booted up the console at last, starting their evening of gaming. Mehji quickly learned that when Denya wasn’t focused on food, he was surprisingly decent at fighting games! He didn’t have a clue how the draolf’s tubby fingers managed to make such precise inputs into his comparatively-tiny fingers, yet he did so almost flawlessly. The ‘almost’ coming from the time when the controller accidentally slipped out of Denya’s greasy paws, and while the obese hybrid was fumbling about in his rolls looking for it, Mehji used the opportunity to give himself a quick advantage. All’s fair in love and war, right?

	Unfortunately, that act wasn’t enough to save him from defeat as the draolf quickly turned the tides of their virtual match, once he found the controller lodged between his moobs. Denya’s cheeks dimpled as he grinned victoriously. “Hah! Chonk: 1, Twig, 0!” The hybrid gloated, pointing a finger into Mehji’s belly. 

	Mehji’s exposed belly. 

	The lizard let out a startled belch in response, once more tasting the overwhelming flavor of blueberry. Crap, he was really full! He must not have been paying attention to how stuffed he was, thanks to the videogame, but the reptile felt absolutely bloated once the game was over! Glancing down where Denya poked him, Mehji was shocked to discover he both looked and felt as though he swallowed a basketball! He wasn’t used to seeing his loose shirt actually lifted up around his swollen tum, exposing his scaly green middle. Hell, if he had a belly button, he was certain it’d have gone from an innie to an outie! 

	Denya must have been thinking the same thing, for he poked right where the lizard’s navel would be. “Are you pregnant?” 

	“No!” Mehji slapped the draolf’s paws away. “I told you I’m just really stuffed, dude!” 

	“Oh…” The hybrid tilted his chubby head to the side, his neck chub splaying out across his shoulders. “From only one donut?” 

	“Uh, yeah?” Mehji tried explaining that to Denya earlier; that one donut really filled him out! He didn’t expect to end up looking so bloated, however. Maybe the dough was expanding from the heat inside his stomach, or something. He hiccuped, the blueberry smell permeating his nose. “Not everyone can shovel these things down like you, after all.” 

	“I…” Denya started, before closing his mouth, shrugging those huge shoulders. “Yeah, that’s valid, I guess. Maybe one donut really will make you fat!” He laughed. 

	Mehji rolled his eyes. Ignoring the incredible fullness in his gut, he continued onto the next match, forcing Denya to do the same. 

	That donut was making him lose even harder than before. On top of his taut, gurgling stomach distracting him, Mehji also had to contend with occasional hiccups or burps that completely overwhelmed his senses with that strong blueberry taste, distracting him long enough for his obese opponent to advance his lead further and further. 

	And speaking of obese, man did Denya take up a lot of space. More than once did Mehji feel the hybrid’s broad flanks bump against him in the draolf’s constant shifting, the couch creaking beneath him every time. The longer they played, the more often it happened. Heck, sometimes Mehji swore he felt Denya bump against him even when it seemed the hefty hybrid wasn’t even moving! The lizard tried wiggling his way further away from Denya, but quickly found his own sides squeezing into the armrest. Perhaps the couch really wasn’t as big as he initially thought it was. Or Denya was just fatter than he realized. 

	Soon, Mehji felt another one of those jabs as the results screen flashed on the tv, the hybrid raising his hamlock arms in triumph. “Whooo! 7-0!” With a wide smirk, Denya turned towards his smaller friend. “Sorry, twig. I-”

	He paused, his smile slowly fading off his muzzle. 

	“What? You hic what?” Mehji groaned. The fullness sensation would just not go away. He was actually starting to feel lethargic and heavy, sinking into the couch. A nap sounded good right about now. 

	But that look on Denya’s face was concerning. The carefree hybrid’s brows were furrowed with worry. “You, uh...you feeling a little chilly, buddy?” 

	“Chilly?” This time it was Mehji’s turn to frown. “Not at all. Why?” 

	“Oh, it’s just, uh…” Denya cleared his throat. “Your face is looking kinda blue...Like, a really dark shade of blue.” 

	“My face..?” What kind of nonsense was the draolf spouting? Hesitant, Mehji crossed his eyes, looking at the tip of his bulbous snout. 

	It was blue. A really dark shade of blue. 

	“What the-” Mehji’s outburst was interrupted by the sound of his clothes tearing. Wide eyed and wide awake, the lizard was horrified to feel a breeze along the lower half of his belly, a belly which stood out well over a foot and a half from his torso. His waistline had completely decimated the waistband of his shorts, his poor underwear now stretching painfully tight just to contain so much lizard while his shirt rode up past his chest. He could understand Denya’s comment about him looking pregnant earlier, but now he had surpassed pregnant-looking. He was wide, rotund, spherical, immense. 

	His belly was comparable to Denya’s! 

	“W-what the heck?!” Mehji squealed as he made to get off the couch, but found himself unable to leave; his belly was just too heavy, and he was firmly wedged into it along with Denya. 

The hybrid grunted from the movement, their combined middles sloshing back and forth. “You know, I take back what I said about the ‘one donut making you fat’ thing!” 

Together, the doughy duo struggled to pry their broad hips out from the couch; every second that passed made their squeeze all the tighter. Eventually, the larger of the two managed to force his fat body up first, the hefty hybrid panting softly before offering a paw. 

Shakily. Mehji slowly reached out to hold onto Denya, grunting as he felt himself thrusted onto his feet. The feeling of having his center of balance so drastically impacted by his heavy middle was enough to send a chill down the lizard’s spine. The sensory overload of being so big, heavy, and distended made it hard to think; that, and the obvious panic going on through his head. “I..I…,” he stammered, placing a paw on his swelling middle. “H-how am I getting so fat?!”

He glanced up at Denya, expecting the rotund hybrid to know all about suddenly gaining an exorbitant amount of weight, yet even the hybrid looked befuddled at the phenomenon. Eventually, however, he spoke up. “I, uh...I don’t think it’s fat, Twig. Like..” Denya grabbed at one of his thick love handles, jiggling it. “See how I’m all soft and squishy, and a little saggy, with all these folds and stuff? You’re more puffy and round, like a balloon or a…” 

“A what?!” Mehji shouted back. 

“A...blueberry.” 

The lizard let out a groan, right as his shirt started to tear apart at the seams, exposing his deep blue chest. “This can’t be happening,” he pleaded silently to himself, hoping it was all a dream. But that incredible bloated sensation, the taste of fresh blueberries on his breath, the blue coloring slowly coating over his body, and his belly swelling outwards before him like a balloon was all so real. “I’m a blueberry,” he muttered in disbelief as his shirt finally tore in two, his arms sticking out on either side of him. “I’m actually a blueberry.” 

Mehji turned back to Denya, desperate for the larger hybrid’s help in figuring out how to reverse this situation. What he didn’t expect, however, was for the fat draolf to actually be snickering to himself! The lizard scowled. “Denya…” 

Denya held a paw to his lips, trying to stifle his laughter. “Sorry, sorry. It’s just...I kept calling you Twig...and now you look like a berry attached to a twig!” 

“Denya!” 

“Sorry!” The hybrid held his paws up defensively, although the slight smirk on Denya’s muzzle frustrated the blue lizard further. The draolf cleared his throat. “W-well, uh...We should probably get you to a juicer or something. To, uh, squeeze you dry.” 

Mehji whimpered. That sounded incredibly unpleasant. He was about to ask if there was an alternative when he felt his underwear shoot off him next, leaving him stark naked. Thankfully, his more-than-spherical body kept him decent, although he wasn’t exactly comfortable having to widen his stance to accommodate for his blimpening body. “W-where do we go to for that?” 

	Denya shrugged. “Prolly the hospital. I wouldn’t know, though, I’ve never been turned into a blueberry. Still worth a shot, though, right?” 

	“I...I guess.” It wasn’t like they had much to go on anyway. Besides, the longer they waited, the further he swelled out. Stifling another blueberry belch, Mehji slowly followed after Denya. While the doughy draolf waddled, the large lizard lumbered, struggling to so much as bend his legs with how bloated they felt. He felt like a giant pendulum, swinging back and forth with each ungainly step he took after his fat friend. Each step also brought with it a myriad of sloshing within his cauldron of a gut. How the hell did Denya manage being so big?! 

	His train of thought was derailed when he felt something squeeze against either side of his spherical tum, halting him in place. With a grunt, Mehji’s eyes widened as he realized he was actually wedged in the doorframe. 

	He was wider than Denya!

	“H-hey, wait!” he called after the oblivious hybrid, who was still waddling away. 

	Turning around, the chunky draolf gasped and quickly waddled back, looking over the blueberry blimp. “O-oh, uh, don’t panic. This happens to me all the time. Just suck in your tum and sorta shimmy yourself through, you’ll be fine.” 

	“Denya!” Mehji huffed. “You said it yourself, I’m not getting fatter, I’m… blueberry-ifying, or whatever!” 

	“Oh...right.” Denya’s ears folded. Mehji wondered if there was a brain between those ears. The draolf leaned past his own wobbling gut to grab at the lizard’s puffy blue paws, before pulling. The door dug painfully into his broad sides, Mehji gritting his teeth as they slowly squeezed him through bit by bit. However, for a moment, it appeared as though Mehji just swelled to fill every inch they squeezed him through, that growing gut digging heavily into Denya’s own pudgy potbelly. Mehji let out a soft squeak; it wouldn’t be long until the combined size of their bellies would make grabbing each other’s paws an impossibility. 

	Until at last, with one final pull, Mehji was finally pried free. 

	The lizard gasped as his sides finally expanded to their full size, giving him a chance to breathe. That breath was cut short as he fell face-first into Denya’s flabby chest. His cheeks flushed red at this stupid, humiliating situation; at least the draolf made for a soft cushion. 

	He could feel a pair of paws gently squeeze his broad shoulders, rolling him back upright. “You alright, Twig?” 

	“Y-yeah,” Mehji grumbled. He could have made do without falling face first into his friend’s flab. Or getting stuck in the door in the first place. Or better yet, not being turned into a giant blueberry. His only saving grace was that, at the very least, he was completely unrecognizable. The pale-green lizard was completely blue from the tip of his spikey head down to his plump and swollen feet. That, and the gut that stood out nearly as far as he was tall, with a back and rear that was reaching a similar size. Maybe it was for the better Denya kept calling him Twig; he wasn’t sure he wanted anyone passing by to know his real name, at this point. 

	Seeing that Mehji was unharmed, Denya beamed and patted the lizard’s back, almost knocking him over. “Alright, well the hard part’s over! The hospitals have huge double wide doors, so you’ll fit through nicely there. Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll stop growing soon.” 


	Oh, how wrong the draolf was. 

	Unfortunately, Mehji didn’t leave his troubles at the door he nearly broke down. He and Denya had to waddle single file, considering they both took up the entirety of the sidewalk. However, whereas the draolf was taller and had years of experience being a fatass, Mehji was smaller and struggling to cope with his immense size. 

	A size that only increased as time went on. 

	The further they went, the slower the lizard moved. Each step required more coordination and precision than the last. It didn’t help that he really couldn’t see his feet, or anything below the lower helm of his gut, for that matter. He was practically walking blind; he was considering asking to grab a hold of Denya’s thick tail to help keep himself stabilized. Ah, but that wouldn't help either, for he couldn’t even bring his arms together, the two limbs stuck out to either side of him in a strange “A” pose. Hopefully the hospital wasn’t much further. 

	Mehji’s mobility issues came to a crescendo when he suddenly discovered he couldn’t lift his legs anymore. Try as he might, the lizard simply couldn’t lean far enough to the side to swing his leg out from under him, not without falling over helplessly, that is. He was simply too big, too round, too heavy, too sloshy. 

	Too blueberry. 

	“D-Denya, wait!” He called out after the draolf, the oblivious hybrid about to leave him yet again. “I-I can’t move!” 

	“Huh?” Denya turned around, before gaping at the sight. “Holy crap, Twig! You got super freaking fat!” 

	“Denya!” 

	“Right, right. I meant blueberry’d.” The fat draolf waddled back, inspecting the frustrated lizard. “For real, though, you really do look like a huge blueberry now. I can barely see your legs beneath all of...this.” He tapped the edge of Mehji’s bloated belly. 

	At least Denya was starting to understand what the issue was. Mehji sighed, before grunting as a hiccup overwhelmed his senses with blueberry once again. He was starting to get sick of blueberries. “I don’t think I can walk anymore, man. Like...I’m just too big. What do we do?” 

	Denya smiled. “I don’t mind helping ya move. Should be easy, now that you’re like a giant ball.” 

	Mehji’s face briefly went from a dark blue to a ghostly white. “Denya, don’t you dare-” 

	But the hybrid had already waddled behind the lizard, who couldn’t even so much as turn around. With a yelp, Mehji felt two chubby paws press into his back and push him forward. Thankfully, he didn’t have much of a fall before his rotund body met the ground, flattening out slightly on contact like a partially-deflated tire. With wide eyes, Mehji was helpless to watch the concrete swiftly approaching his head. Thankfully, his snout just barely missed it; at least Denya was considerate enough to roll the blimped reptile diagonally, to avoid squishing his head beneath his own bulk. He sighed in relief, trying to glower at Denya once his upside-down head rose up to meet him. “Denya, seriously! Stop freaking-” but he was gone again, Mehji looking up at the sky, then forward, before almost meeting the ground yet again. 

	When he came back up, the hybrid was smiling slyly. “It’s alright, really! I probably need to exercise a bit more often, anyways. This will be good for both of us!” 

	Mehji was starting to wonder how Denya functioned without a brain. 


	As much as he hated to admit it, Mehji knew that this...arrangement of theirs was for the best. They were moving far quicker now that Denya didn’t have to wait for the spherical lizard to waddle at a glacial pace anymore. In fact, the longer they moved, the easier it was for Denya; Mehji’s limbs shrinking into his expanding body offset the sheer size he was reaching, making for a smoother experience for the draolf all together. 

	However, much like Mehji’s day after eating that fateful donut, it was all uphill from there. He could hear the draolf grunting as he had to exert himself further. Mehji could feel himself pressing further against Denya due to gravity; this was quite the hill they had to climb. Hopefully the tubby hybrid could manage. 

	Soon, Denya started to chuckle. “H-heheh. I’m like a dung beetle, ya know?” 

	“Denya!” Mehji scowled, glaring at the hybrid once he rolled to face him. 

	“No, no! Like, you’re not dung! I’m...rolling something else, ya know?” 

	“What are you rolling, then?” The lizard asked, although he already had a feeling he knew the answer. 

	Denya snickered. “A blueberry!”

	Mehji rolled his eyes. 

	He noticed Denya was starting to slow down, the hybrid’s wheezing growing steadily louder. Truthfully, he was amazed the draolf had lasted this long rolling him up the hill; after all, Mehji must have weighed several times his original body weight by now in blueberry juices alone, not to mention Denya’s own poundage. “H-hey, you can take a break if you’re getting tired.” 

	Denya huffed softly, mustering a half-hearted grin. “N-nah. We’re almost to the top. Just gotta...few more steps...we’re good…” The hybrid wheezed, his large belly rising and falling with each heavy breath he took. 

	Mehji grimaced at the sight. He didn’t want to see the draolf torture himself for his sake. He also wasn’t sure how much further until they made it up the hill; seeing past himself was a bit tricky. “Seriously, it’s ok, bud. I’m feeling...ok, I guess. Take a breather.” Truthfully, he felt like he was about to pop at any given moment, but then again he had been feeling that way for the past hour; if he were to pop, he would have done so before getting stuck in the doorway. 

	“You...you sure?” Denya panted, stumbling to a stop. “Alright...thanks, Twig.” 

	“Stop calling me that.” 


	“No.” With one more sigh, the hybrid wiped his brow with a paw, using the other to arch his back up straight. Mehji didn’t blame the draolf for needing a break to try popping his accordion-roll back, or for trying to cool down his warm forehead. 

	What he could blame Denya for, however, was taking both paws off of him at the same time! 

	Mehji let out a startled gasp as he saw Denya do just that, before grunting as he rolled right past him! He barely noticed the concerned look on the hybrid’s pudgy face as he whizzed on through. The lizard whimpered; he couldn’t even use his limbs to stop himself from rolling, given all that remained of them were nubs for hands/feet/tail! His sloshy body was completely out of his control as it slowly picked up momentum, his vision a flashing blur between the bright sky and his own blue body. 

	The lizard was quickly getting disoriented. It was like being on a carnival ride! All he could hear is his body sloshing and glorping around, the wind rushing past him, and his own whimpering. He hoped no one else was on the sidewalk; they would be getting Indiana Jones flashbacks for sure! It’s a miracle he hadn’t rolled onto the street and gotten hit by a car yet, although he was likely more than sufficiently padded to protect himself.

	Finally, he could feel himself start to slow down. Even after he came to a halt, Mehji still felt the world spinning around him. Not even a Tilt a Whirl could have made the blue lizard as dizzy as he was! He could hardly tell which way was up; fortunately, his head wasn’t pressing into the sidewalk, leaving him to instead look straight up into the sky, past his own deep blue horizon. 

	Slowly gathering his bearings, Mehji could hear the labored breathing of Denya as the obese draolf slowly waddled after him. Soon, he could see the canine’s chubby cheeks pop into view; but he was not expecting the hybrid to be snickering. “H-hey...you, uh, alright? You’re starting to look green again!” 

	“That’s just the nausea,” Mehji mumbled. “What’s with the grin?” 

	“So, uh…” The draolf nervously rubbed behind his pointy ears. “When I turned around to chase after you, I, uh...I saw the hospital...turns out, we were going the complete wrong way! So, it ended up being a sorta good thing that I let you go rolling down the hill. Funny, huh?”

	It took all of Mehji’s willpower to not scream…



	“Phew, alright! We’re finally here!” Denya’s cheerful voice broke through the silence, or what little silence could be had with Mehji’s blueberry body sloshing as loudly as it was. The lizard grunted as they finally came to a halt, the draolf waddling over to look at his friend. “And it’s still light out! We should do this again sometime, this is a great workout.” 

	“Hey, let’s...let’s not.” Mehji grumbled, unable to so much as twist or turn his head to look at the hybrid any better. He couldn’t move anything, for that matter, save for the very tips of his fingers and toes, which had all but sunken into his incredibly rotund body. If he had thought his growth would finally slow down once he was fully round and immobile, he was slowly mistaken; the lizard was bigger than ever before. And judging by his gurgling stomach, he still had quite a ways to go. 

	Denya snickered as he waddled over to face him; the lizard horrified to see he was now eye level with the taller draolf. “Why not? I thought you hated being called Twig. Now I can call you Berry!” 

	“Denya!” Mehji’s blue cheeks turned a reddish-purple from embarrassment. 

	“I’m kidding!” The draolf snickered, patting the lizard’s big blue nose, one of the few parts of him that still stood out amidst his blimped body. “Alright, let’s getcha in. You’ll go back to being Twig in no time!” 

	Mehji really hoped Denya was right, he wasn’t sure how much more rolling he could take. He grunted again as he felt Denya resume the rolling, watching the automatic doors move closer and closer to him…

	SQUIIIIIISH

	Mehji grunted, feeling his gut dig heavily into the glass door, the stretched scales spreading out. He was about to ask what was happening, before wheezing as Denya literally shoved at him from behind, squishing him into an elongated oval shape. “D-Denya!” 

	“Hold on! I think I almost got it!” The draolf grunted from behind. Mehji could hardly breathe as he felt Denya slam his thick shoulder into his back, working up several blueberry belches from the lizard. 

	Mehjii winced. “Denya! T-the doors...aren’t opening!” 

	“Oh…” The draolf stepped back, allowing Mehji to flop back back to his original shape. “Sorry...I thought you were just too big to squeeze through at first.” 

	Finally, the poor blue lizard was allowed to breathe, tasting blueberry jam on his tongue. Man, Denya was squeezing him so hard, he nearly juiced him! He could see how Denya would have thought that, though; he really was as wide as the double wide doors leading in. Looking at his reflection in the door made the poor blueberry frown. It was hard to believe there was a small, skinny lizard buried beneath all of...that. His stomach churned, and Mehji swore he saw himself swell up and out another inch. He was starting to regret ever calling Denya fat. 

	Tearing his eyes off his own ballooning frame, the round reptile narrowed his eyes, trying to look inside. “Hey, the lights are out...you don’t think they’re closed, do you?” He felt a shiver go down his buried spine at the thought of spending the night like this. 

	“Nah, they shouldn’t be. It’s still light out, like I said.” The draolf unceremoniously pushed aside the rolling ball of blueberry as he checked the door, before turning to Mehji. “Yeah, they’re closed.” 

	“What?!?” Mehji’s heart pounded so hard, it jiggled his entire body. He frantically wiggled himself, as if trying to pop his body out from within this massive bloated shell. “N-no, they can’t be! They can’t be closed!” 

	“Mehji.” 

	“I can’t be stuck like this for another night, dude! I’m already freaking huge!” 

	“Mehji!” 

	“I-I can’t move at all, man! I’m afraid I’m gonna burst at any-” 

	Mehji yelped as he was forcibly rolled forward until he and Denya were practically muzzle to muzzle, their combined stomachs pancaking outward against each other. The draolf’s paws firmly held the lizard’s cheeks. “You’re gonna be fine, alright? Now say it back to me.” 

	Mehji blinked. He didn’t know Denya could actually get serious. Mehji sighed. “I’m fine.” Truthfully, he felt a bit calmer now that the draolf was taking this situation a bit more seriously. 

	Denya nodded and released the lizard’s head. “Alright. I’m gonna go grab something that’s gonna help you, okay? I’m gonna leave you right here, in case someone is still inside and notices you. I promise I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 

	“Yeah….ok.” Mehji wished he could nod. He wished Denya had been this blunt and serious from the beginning, but he appreciated the draolf’s change in demeanour regardless. He actually felt a bit relaxed watching Denya leave his vision, feeling those heavy waddling footsteps slowly trail off. 

	Mehji took a deep breath, watching his entire body swell out from the sharp inhale. He was going to be fine. Denya would return soon, he said. And maybe someone from inside the hospital will see the giant blueberry and roll him in to squeeze him back to normal. All he had to do was wait….

	And wait….

	And wait….

	And wait….

	“Oh, you’re still out here?” 

	Mehji awoke with a muffled snort. He didn’t realize he had drifted off into a brief nap. Admittedly, when he wasn’t freaking out about how big and bloated he was getting, he was actually quite comfortable, the fullness making it easy to slip into an interesting food coma of sorts. 

	He tried letting out a yawn, only to find something obstructing his muzzle. With a grumble, he slowly opened his eyes, frowning. His vision must have been blurry; all he could see was blue. Mehji squinted and opened again and again, yet the lizard just saw nothing but blue. That, and the faintest light coming from above the blue. 

	From above him. 

	The lizard’s eyes widened with the realization that his head was fully sunken into his body! 

	He felt Denya’s paws behind him once again, yet those paws felt so much more distant than before. Somehow, he could hear the draolf grunting loudly, slamming his corpulent frame into the lizard’s bloated one, yet unlike earlier, it didn’t forcibly slam Mehji into the door. Instead, all that shoving accomplished was to sloooowly roll him forward, his body sloshing louder than ever before. 

	“P-phew, you’re getting really heavy!” Denya panted as he waddled back around to face the lizard, grinning. “Looks like you could use a diet, huh?” 

	Mehji had other reasons to panic. Seeing Denya at eye level with him, despite laying completely on his belly, only confirmed his worst fears; he had doubled in size! His head was partially sunken into a sort-of cave, the rest of his bloated body rising all around it. Forget moving his limbs; he wasn’t sure anyone could even see them anymore! It was difficult just looking at the hybrid from that cave! 

	The lizard whimpered. “H-how long have you been gone?” Maybe it was early the next day, right before the hospital opened. 

	The draolf scoffed. “I was only gone for a couple hours! I’m not that fast, even when I’m not rolling around your humongous self!” 

	“Oh…” Mehji frowned. So much for that theory. 

	“Hey, don’t look so blue!” Denya perked up, trying not to laugh at his horrible pun. “I got something that’ll help cheer you up!” 

	The lizard’s eyes lit up. Denya did say he was leaving to get something important. He wiggled excited as he saw the draolf leave his vision...only to come back, carrying several boxes of donuts. “Tadaa!’ 

	“D-Denya!” Mehji roared as loud as he could with his head buried like that, scowling at the draolf. “That’s what did this to me in the first place?!” 

	“Hey, it’s alright!” The fat canine was already opening a box, nibbling on a glazed ring. “I didn’t get any blueberry donuts this time. You should be good.” 

	“T-that’s not what I meant!” Mehji groaned. He was more disappointed in himself for expecting a different outcome from his friend. “I’m swelling bigger by the minute, and you think to get even more food?” 

	Denya blinked. “You’re still getting bigger?” 

	As if on queue, Mehji’s stomach rumbled once more. The lizard yelped as he felt himself shoot outwards, now stuck looking directly over the hybrid’s ears. Talk about impeccable timing. “D-does that answer your question?” 

	“Yup!” Denya nodded, seemingly dismissing his friend’s growth from stick to blimp. Instead, the hybrid slowly settled his plump self down on the ground, leaning back into his blueberry friend. “You’ll get juiced soon, don’t worry. Luckily we don’t have to go anywhere else; I don’t think I can roll you on my own anymore!” 

	“That...that doesn’t really reassure me.” Mehji sighed. 

	“Well it does reassure me. My arms were getting tired, heh.” With a casual hum, the draolf scarfed down yet another donut, before looking up to his friend’s sunken head. “You want maple or chocolate?” 

	Mehji rolled his eyes. “Give me a chocolate.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/40304116/