At last, it's done! I've waited a little longer to post this, but I wanted to make sure everything was perfect before uploading. It's safe to say I'm actually really proud of this one, considering how long it took for me to write it (approx 1 month). 

 The-Netwayman is a simple fat otter who just wants to eat at a brand new sushi shack, much to the dismay to his own limbs, all of which carry their own distinctive personalities. Io does his best to ignore their complaints, but what would happen if they were to, say, leave him stranded someplace where he couldn't escape, such as the sushi shack itself? Would Io be able to stave off his crippling addiction for raw fish long enough to make ammends with his own body, or will his neglect for personal care be his own downfall?

I had a ton of fun working on this story, by far one of my favorites that I've written so far. Thanks again for the inspiration dude! I hope you enjoy the story!

(I recommend reading the word file from the story, as I mess around with the font there to make it more enjoyable. However, I'll be posting the story under the description for convenience sake.)


Io didn’t want to admit it, but he was completely lost. Everywhere he looked, the otter found no signs of the brand new sushi shop he had heard so much about. Instead, he found himself lost in the big city, the massive skyscrapers towering over him, all of which bore the same spiked design and simple grey coloring, which only made him more confused. 

	“C’mon, keep looking back there,” Io muttered as he slowly trekked along the sidewalk, one paw pressing against the stone building beside him. He wanted more than anything to find a place to sit down in the shade to avoid the beating sun, preferably within an air-conditioned restaurant, where he could surround himself with delicious meals. 

	I’m trying, dude! It’d be easier to look around if you’d lose some weight, you know.

	“What are you talking about?” Io asked, smacking his dry lips noisily. He could really go for a tall glass of soda or a milkshake right about now. Hell, he was so desperate he might even take water. “I don’t see the correlation here.”

	Oh geeze, do I need to spell it out for ya? Half of me’s completely buried beneath your fat ass back here! I feel like I’m wedged between two giant pillows!

	Io blushed as he felt a small wiggle around his posterior, sending a small ripple throughout his plump rump. “A-alright, I get it! Would you mind settling down a little? People are starting to stare,” he murmured, his glowing green eyes darting around anxiously.

	As swiftly as it began, the wiggling subsided, although the glares did not. Io fumed quietly to himself as he was forced to tolerate the stares and glares of the surrounding furs on the crowded sidewalk, many of them stopping just to observe him from a distance. His powerful artificial ears easily picked up the hushed conversations of furs several meters away, all of them whispering about the strange fat otter talking to himself. It wasn’t the first time he’s heard these whisperings, it certainly won’t be the last time either, and yet he still felt his face light up like a Christmas tree. 

	As far back as he could remember, Io had been blessed (or cursed, depending on how you looked at it,) with bio-mechanical appendages capable of feats of strength that are second only to cyborgs from science fiction. He could push apart steel doorframes, carry 200 pounds of quarter-pound burgers without breaking a sweat and, most impressively, fit his doublewide body through a single wide door! Best of all, these state-of-the-art prosthetics were almost completely biological, making them blend in completely with the rest of the otter.  However, these fancy limbs contained one serious drawback that almost made the rest of their benefits not worth it: they all carried their own distinct personalities. At first, the prospect doesn’t sound too bad, the idea of communicating with your own limbs is rather interesting, to say the least. However, that 

	As if on cue, Io felt a series of electric pulses travel from his wrists into his brain, where a chip located within his frontal lobe swiftly translated the signal into English words. 

	Teehee, quit wiggling, Tail! You’re tickling me from all that jiggling!

	My point exactly! I stopped wiggling three minutes ago and Hands can still feel it! 

	“Alright, alright, I get it! Will you two keep it down already?” Io snapped back at his limbs, his humiliation rising as he realized he was still shouting at himself in public. It had been a while since he stepped out in public, making it a little difficult for the otter to remember that no one else can hear what his limbs are saying. Glancing around, Io lowered his voice to a soft whisper. “It’s bad enough that we’re completely lost, you don’t have to start screaming at me about my weight. Can we just tone it down a notch and-“

	WHAAAAAT?! We’re lost?! Have I been carrying your fat ass around aimlessly all this time?

	Io swore under his breath as he felt his feet start to warm up, the dreaded sign that the consciousness within was starting to awaken. While in most cases he would be grateful for the extra assistance in walking around, the otter knew that his feet held the most bitterness for his tremendous weight. Lately, that resentment had risen along with Io’s waist. He couldn’t even stand up without hearing some sort of noisy complaint. 

	“Eheheh, good afternoon, Feet. Have a nice nap?” The otter chuckled nervously, failing epically at his attempt to butter up his own legs. 

	I could hardly call it a nap, it was more like 30 minutes with my eyes closed while carrying a baby elephant! 

	“But you don’t have eyes… at least, none that I can see.”

	Oh, but I do! I can see your five foot wide gut all the way down here, just by looking in that window’s reflection. 

	You tell him, feet! 

	Io bit his lip as his tail chimed in with the fat jokes, something usually reserved from his feet. Try as he might, however, it was difficult to ignore all the quips about his weight, especially when most of them were actually true. Glancing at the mirror his feet mentioned, the otter saw a massive round beast staring back at him. His cream-colored belly dominated his field of view, far too large for a single mirror to contain or reflect properly. The giant boulder of blubber wobbled precariously below his knees, making the otter very pear-shaped indeed. However, that’s not to say the rest of his body wasn’t spared from years of indulgence, as evidenced by his perky watermelon-sized breasts. Even his limbs, artificial segments of the cyborg, bore proof of the otter’s indulgent ways. His thick blue arms looked more akin to giant sausages while his brown thighs squished and congealed against each other no matter how far apart he spread his legs. Even now, Io found himself involuntarily shifting his weight, feeling his sagging gut sway about. “Can we talk about this after we get sushi? I’m practically starving here!” 

	For once, I agree with fatass here. The sooner we find a dozen chairs for him to sit down on the better.

	“Exactly! So let’s all work together here and stay on the lookout for the restaurant. Now, the brochure only said it was at the highest point in the city, so if we keep going up, we’re bound to find it eventually, right? What I suggest is to-“

	Foooooound it!

	“Hands, please, I haven’t finished speaking.” Io grumbled, giving himself a literal slap on the wrist… before gaping at his hand, his dark eyes wide with shock. “Wait, WHAT?”

	Y-yeah, it’s over there on your right... 

	Io’s jaw dropped to the ground with a squishy thud as he turned around, his turbo-powered mind unable to process his own ignorance. Sure enough, the base of a large, grassy hill rested literally 20 feet in front of the otter. “H-has that always been there?”

	No, two tectonic plates just decided to crash against each other to form a hill without you noticing, with a building on it no less. Of COURSE that’s always been there!

	“Oh… huh…neato.”


	The hill was much steeper than Io had originally anticipated, the otter’s glowing green eyes making it rather difficult to perceive other green objects such as grass. It was also much higher than he expected as well, his mechanical mind computing the summit to be roughly 100 feet from the base.  Fortunately, he didn’t have to worry about either of those factors as he simply shifted his legs into “autopilot,” letting his feet do all the work while he leaned back and enjoyed the ride up. However, even without feeling the tremendous burning sensation his legs would normally be undergoing from carrying such a heavy burden up a large slope, there were still a few issues he had to deal with. For starters, his legs would constantly miscalculate how far they need to move and end up rising a little too high, digging into his overhanging gut painful with every step. Of course, even that was somewhat tolerable compared to the constant complaining going on from below.

	Bloody hell, mate, do you really need more food? I feel like I’m pushing this hill back into the flipping Earth! Why don’t you take control here so you can, oh I don’t know, understand how freaking heavy you are?! At least try and waddle back down the hill when you finish gorging yourself like a pig so you can get some real exercise in? Oooooooh owowowowowow stepped on a rock! Damnit that thing’s in deep. Oh, why the hell did I have to get stuck with the world’s fattest-

	Oh, will you shut up already, Feet? For God’s sakes, you’re chatting up one hell of a storm down there! We get it, he’s a whale, now make the rest of this trip easier for us and put a cork in your nonexistent mouth before I come down there and-

	Ooooh, we’re here! Lookit the pretty building!

	Io quickly snapped back to reality once he heard his hands’ sudden observation, heaving a huge sigh of relief that his journey was almost over. During the trip up, the otter had drowned out most of the complaints, fantasizing an upgrade to his body that allowed him to ignore the bickering of his limbs; although, having limbs without their own personalities would also be ideal as well. 

	Sure enough, the portly otter found himself standing before the sushi restaurant, although he felt it was more like a sushi shack than anything. The dilapidated building was in a horrid state of disrepair, with mold and holes dotting along the aged wooden exterior. The majority of the window sills were completely empty, save for a few which still retained a few jagged pieces of glass. It was a miracle the entire place didn’t collapse under its own weight. The only thing setting the structure apart from a prop from The Walking Dead was the restaurant’s sign hanging above the (fortunately) doublewide doorway, its bright red title and logo glistening in the sunlight from the fresh paint.

	“#1 Sushi?” This place is nothing more than a giant #2!

	“Shut up, tail,” Io muttered beneath his breath as he cautiously placed his fat foot inside, expecting the floorboards to cave-in under him. To his delight, the ground held firm even as he set his entire weight on that one foot. “Wow, not even a squeak.”

	“Is very good, da? Strong floorboards and strong building make for strong foundation for sushi!”

	At first, the otter didn’t completely register the presence of the outside voice. Usually, the only people outside of his limbs that talked to him were concerned strangers asking him if he needed “help,” so it was only natural that Io’s gut reaction was to ignore it. However, the mention of sushi slowly garnered his attention, sinking into his thick skull like a rock through molasses.

	Io glanced up to see a very peculiar sight. Standing behind the wooden counter within the sushi shack was a large black bear, idly cleaning a glass cup with a rag. He was dressed in a strange white garb unfamiliar to the otter. The bear smiled warmly, gesturing for Io to come forward. “Please, come in, come in! Have yourself at home, as they say!”

	“Ummm… thanks,” the otter muttered, stepping inside the aged building. The bear spoke with a very thick Russian accent, something Io wouldn’t associate with Japanese cooking. And yet, the dark ursine was more than passionate for his job, as seen by how swiftly he strode over to Io, pulling out a large plastic menu. 

	“Look over all the delicious food! Lots of yummy fish and rice!”

	Can we sit down first? I’m still winded from carrying this elephant up a mountain!

	“O-oh, alright,” Io muttered, a little taken aback by how quickly everything was happening. As one would expect from someone of his round physique, the otter was used to dining in cheap fast food restaurants, places where the employees were paid the bare minimum and, as a result, were a little less than caring about their job, the company, or even their customers. But just from looking around, Io could tell that this bear clearly cherished his job. As soon as Io took the menu, the ursine quickly ran right back to the counter, pulling out another rag to clean a glass cup with it. 

Before he could focus any further on the bear’s habits, however, Io’s attention was pulled back to the menu and all of its succulent entrees. Each page of the plastic booklet was filled to the brim with all sorts of detailed images of fish with little descriptions written beneath them in broken English. Io had difficulties not drooling all over the menu as he stood and pressed his fat face against the pamphlet, panting softly with arousal. “Oooh man…it all looks so good…”

“Da! zat is why we are called #1 Zushi, for even our pictures are of the highest quality!”

Hrrrk, any time now! This is starting to get painful!

“Mrrr, I’ll say. I can practically feel that fish’s texture,” Io mumbled, his beady eyes shifting left to right as he glossed through the menu fervently as if he were reading the most engaging novel in the world. While the font and wording were a little difficult to decipher, the portly otter could still understand the general meaning behind the words just from looking at the pictures. At some places, however, the formatting on the menu were a little strange, making it difficult to understand which pictures were associated with which group of words. 

“Erh, what kind of sushi is this, mister…”

“Alvin, and zat’s Chirashi Ziushi, very nutritious! Lot’s of fish and veggies chopped up and mixed into big rice bowl. Comes vith Sake!”

“I see.” A thin trickle of drool was starting to form on the edge of Io’s chubby muzzle, his enormous gut growling. Wiping it with his free arm (Eeeeew, germs!) Io pointed at another image. “A-and what’s this sack-like thing?”

“Aaaah, zat’s our Chakin Zushi! Fresh rice wrapped in egg crepe. It’s just appetizer, but still rich and yummy!”

“Sounds delicious... what about here? What do these words say?”

“Oh, zat’s out special of the day. For low price of $9.99, we let you sit in front of our conveyor belt and eat whatever comes off! It’s a total mystery!”

“Awesome, and what about…” Io froze suddenly, his body going completely rigid. He continued to hold his arms out in front of him, even after dropping the menu onto the floor. “A-are you for real?!”

“Da, is very real!” Alvin proudly confirmed, crossing his arms across his burley chest with a smirk. “You may sit and eat for three hours, give or take, and eat to heart’s content! You give try?”

Alvin soon found his answer in the form of a very excited fat otter dashing straight up to him, barely able to skid to a halt in time due to the momentum the fat cyborg carried. Io’s dark eyes were wide with arduous excitement, ready to pop right out of their sockets. “Food. Now. Where?”

“Eeeerh…” Alvin struggled to properly convey with words his reaction to the sudden change from his customer, the ursine simply smiling gleefully and gesturing behind the counter. “Yes yes, if you please, there is conveyor belt vhere we send food from kitchen. Shall I-“

Without wasting any time, Io sprinted behind the counter as fast as his cybernetic legs would carry him (which was, suffice to say, pretty damn fast). When Alvin finally caught up, he noticed skid marks along the wooden floor leading to the seated otter, who was bouncing with glee as he stared down at the conveyor belt. “Heh, I, erh, see you ready to start, da?”

	Io didn’t even bother responding. He simply continued holding his head beneath the bottom of the belt, a thin stream of drool pouring out from his maw. Not wanting to waste the customer’s time, the bear stepped away into the kitchen, leaving the otter by himself.

	Io, you fat-headed idiot, what are you doing?! You said you just wanted a bite to eat, not an endless feast! 

	“It is just a bite. If I never close my mouth until the very end, then it’s all just one big bite, correct?” 

	Yeah but… oh forget it.

	Io’s head perked up suddenly as he heard the machinery roar to life from within the kitchen, the gears within the conveyor belt squeaking and grinding as they slowly revved up. Soon enough, the belt started moving along, and with it came something truly mesmerizing: Sushi.

	Instantly the fat otter let out a guttural moan of delight the minute he saw the appetizing bite-sized morsels slide towards his gaping maw. Finally, the moment his long and arduous journey had been building up to was finally here in the form of succulent raw fish served atop of small, tightly wound bundles of rice. As soon as the first piece of Nigiri sushi entered the otter’s maw, he knew he was in for a wonderful night. The fish alone was teaming with seasoning, the juices oozing out before he even bit down upon it. Coupled with the rice which helped to draw out the flavor, that single piece of sushi gave Io a wonderful first impression on how #1 Sushi earned its name. And fortunately, that first sushi was not the last. 

	A whole line of Nigiri sushi trailed behind that first snack, each with their own unique shape, size, and fish. Io wasted no time in gobbling up the tasty morsels as they flew into his mouth, where they made a permanent residence within his stomach. The round otter purred as the lingering flavors of the sushi swam around within his mouth, giving him a truly blissful sensation that only made him crave more. Fortunately, the amount of fish that came through that conveyor belt felt never-ending; however, the same could be said about Io’s appetite. 

	“Everything is tasting good, da?” Io faintly heard Alvin call out from the kitchen, although it could of all been an hallucination for all he knew. His mind felt numb due to the sheer amount of joy and satisfaction he was currently experiencing, a massive smirk spreading across his chubby muzzle as he sat and ate. By now, he would have been thrown out of every all-you-can-eat buffet in town due to how much he ate, as well as listen to his plump limbs complain all the way home about being sore and tired, so being able to sit and not move a single muscle while being stuffed with his favorite food was almost more than the otter could handle! To sweeten the deal even further, the conveyor belt moved at just the right speed, ensuring Io constantly had a mouthful of sushi to work through without spilling any onto his numerous rolls, where they would disappear from the light of day forever.

	Idly, Io started feeling himself slowly fill up, his round stomach starting to swell outwards just a bit. He had been sitting before the delivery belt for quite some time now, his slow mind making it difficult to perceive time properly. As long as there was a steady stream of sushi flowing down his open maw, he didn’t care how much time had passed. Hell, it could be raining Brimstone outside and he would still rather stay and eat to his heart’s content. Occasionally, he would hear tiny complains from his limbs, who had objections such as “You’ve eaten nearly 20 pounds of food, you glutton!” and “I’m starting to fall asleep from all this activity!” but in the end, whatever they had to say didn’t matter. They weren’t the ones bringing him food now, were they? Besides, why were they complaining anyways? He was giving them a break for once, isn’t that what they’ve been pestering him for so long for? 

	It was in the middle of this thought process that Io finally registered the feeling of his gut resting on the floor before him. Blinking away his trance, the otter lazily lifted his arm on the cream-colored dome of flesh and fur, rubbing it softly. He must have dozed off, seeing as how the world was finally coming back into focus again. The numbing sensation around his body was starting to wear off as well, evidenced by the taunt feeling within his stomach, a sensation Io almost forgot he had. “Alvin… I think… I’ve had… enough,” Io managed to call out in between mouthfuls. 

	No response.

	“Alvin?” Io frowned for the first time since entering #1 Sushi. He had assumed Alvin was the kind of waiter who was always there on his customer’s beck and call, so where did the bear disappear too? Surely by now, he had gotten his 3 hours of feed. In fact, the lighting from the windows was a little dimmer than usual, suggesting that at least 4 or even 5 hours had passed. So what the heck was the bear doing? Io’s answer swiftly came about with an audible snore emanating from the kitchen, which was almost drowned out from the roar of the machinery. Soon, Io’s eyes went wide as he realized what happened: Alvin had fallen asleep.

	Any normal fur in this situation would simply stand up and walk away from the conveyor belt. Io was not a normal fur by any means. Not only did he sport the weight of several pachyderms, but the otter’s addiction to sushi kept him rooted to the spot, unable to even turn his head away from the finger food. He was hooked like a fish to the susceptible food, so much so that he continued gorging even as his belly filled out further.

	“Legs, c’mon, get me out of here!” Io thought to his dormant legs, hoping they would still hear him despite being completely obscured by his enormous midsection. 

	No way, José! I’ve had it with carrying your growing ass all over the place! If you want to escape, do it yourself!

	“W-what are you talking about?” Io whined as he quickly swallowed the mouthful forming within his maw, groaning as his stomach spilled outwards another inch. “You’ll be carrying an even bigger ass soon if you don’t get moving!”

	Not if I decide to shut myself off! Like I just said, tubby, do it yourself!”

	“N-no, please!” The bloated otter tried reasoning with his limbs, only to sit helplessly as the A.I within his legs started powering down. He tried calling out to his arms and tail, pleading for any extra strength to push himself away from the delivery belt or, in his tail’s case, at least wiggle him. Just like his legs, the rest of his body was powered down due to the inactivity, leaving Io on his own.

	At this point, the pain in his stomach was overwhelming the poor otter, giving him more than enough motivation to break free from his addiction long enough to try moving… the keyword being try here. Io pushed and grunted at the ground, his flabby arms trembling violently while his legs refused to budge beneath the weight of his own gut. The effort of sitting upright alone caused the otter to slump back forward, his panting muzzle hanging right before the trail of sushi. Io’s addiction was rekindled as soon as the bite-sized morsels began entering his maw yet again, and before long the bloated mustelid was back to his blissful position from earlier, chewing away despite his creaking stomach. 

	Before he passed out yet again, Io briefly recollected his journey leading him to this spot, realizing that this was all his fault. The neglect and abuse on his body caused by relying on artificial strength and laziness caused him to bloat up to such an enormously fat creature in the first place, and now it was helping him grow even fatter. He was too big to move on his own, and without the help of any of his limbs, it seemed his fate was to grow even larger. With a sigh, the otter’s eyelids slowly closed as he instead focused on the tangy taste of the sushi. If he was stuck, he may as well enjoy the food.



	“Ack! My apologies, comrade! I appeared to have dozed off!” 

	Alvin turned off the conveyor belt from the kitchen, rubbing his sore neck with a free paw. Sleeping against heavy machinery gave him quite the crick in the neck, although he tried to ignore it as best as he could. He had more pressing matters to attend to, after all.

	Stepping out from the kitchen, the burley bear tried to look startled at what lay before him; however, it was hard to hide the growing sneer that spread across his muzzle. “Shiska! You’ve been eating all this time?”

	Io struggled to even notice the Russian swearing in the distance. The only thing on his mind was why this scrumptious looking piece of shrimp stopped within inches of his open muzzle. He tried sticking his tongue out to scoop the last bite to his mouth, but only succeeded in licking the rice. He would have tried grabbing it with his paw, but it was very obvious why that was out of the question. 

	Io was the physical representation of an otter who had let his addiction overtake his thought processes completely, leaving behind a simple creature who’s soul desire was to eat and eat and eat some more. He was nothing short of a massive 7 foot wide sphere, his stomach churning and groaning loudly as it struggled to digest the literal tons of food within itself into even more blubber. His arms and legs stood out at awkward angles, far too stubby to bend now. At this point, his tail was but a fleeting memory, buried behind several thick layers of otter. 

	Instead of expressing shock and horror at the massive ball sitting in his restaurant, Alvin simply kneeled behind the counter, rummaging around while speaking to himself. “This will not do, my fat friend. You ate for more than 3 hours, which means you must pay for the other hours as well. Do not fret, for I have simple solution to problem, you’ll see!”

	Io was a little too preoccupied with trying to gobble up the last sushi roll to pay heed to what the bear was suggesting, flailing his stubby fatty limbs in desperation. So focused he was that he didn’t notice Alvin return with a paint can and brush. Soon, he felt the cold wet paint brush along his enormous belly, watching as Alvin made large sweeping gestures with his arms just to cover a fraction of his gut. “Da, your belly color is perfect for advertisement!” 

	Grinning from ear to ear, Alvin stepped back to admire his handiwork. Painted on Io’s voluminous canvas of a belly was, sure enough, an ad. “Eat at #1 Shushi, where there’s enough food to turn you into a pufferfish!” It read in bright red lettering, each of the letters as large as Io’s head. 

	“Perfect, now you are ready to repay me for sushi!” The burley bear hoisted himself against the immobile otter and heaved, pressing his body against Io’s drum-taunt gut belly. The pressure caused the enormous glutton to belch, which seemed to help propel him backwards towards the door. Even with the strange treatment his body was given, Io didn’t seem to care as he felt himself roll like an enormous marble, or even complain when he was sloooowly being squeezed out of the double wide door like a balloon. He managed to snag that last piece of sushi before leaving, so who has the last laugh now?!

	Ultimately, Alvin did, for Io had completely forgotten about the massive hill the sushi shop was situated on. He wanted to cry out in fear or anxiety, but was silenced by Alvin, who had taken on a strangely darker tone. “Now, vhen you come back, and I know you will be back, I vill let you stay and eat all day and night like today, but only if you bring friends to dine with you, da? Bring enough, and I’ll let you stay forever.” With one final push, Io sprung forth from the door towards the slope, where he started rolling faster and faster, gravity helping to push the massive otter quickly down the hill.

	And that, my friends, is the story of how everyone in town woke up that morning to a massive boulder rolling down the street with directions to a sushi shack.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/22685569/