Mr. Wolf and Mr. Snake are enjoying the quiet life, trying out new foods to give the serpent a taste for something NOT squirming. However, the two are interrupted as their past lives quite literally catch up with them. Can the duo escape from their most dangerous situation yet? And more importantly, can Mr. Wolf sate his insatiable appetite (for petty theft)? 

I watched Bad Guys, and outside of developing several new crushes, I was suuuuuper inspired to try my hand at writing my own Bad Guys themed story! It was a ton of fun to write; I feel like Weight Staff is too slow paced, so this is a series that's blistering fast and full of action, just like the movie! Of course, there's pleeeeenty of tums, don't you worry; Mr. Wolf won't be fitting into his iconic uniform for very long! 

This is just a proof of concept, so pleeeeease please please let me know what you think! It's very different from my usual style of writing I'd say, but regardless I really hope you guys like it! I'm already working on Chapter 2 though, but after that I don't have a clue how to continue the story haha, so feed back is important! 

4.7k words. I hope you all enjoy!



	“Alright, alright, I admit it. It was kinda worth it to climb a ten thousand foot mountain for some cupcakes.” 

	Those words alone were far more satisfying to Mr. Wolf than any cupcake would ever be. The lupine’s yellow eyes lit up as he regarded his slithery serpentine friend, that familiar tingly sensation running through his body and tail (mostly his tail) at knowing he did a good thing for his friend. 

	Of course, he still couldn’t help but be just a little coy about it. “Heh, glad you enjoyed them, Snake. But you don’t have to thank me-” 

	“I wasn’t.” 

	“But if you were, you wouldn’t have to! I could tell you much you enjoyed yourself just from watching you wolf down your share.” 

	The creamy orange serpent coiled up on the other side of the booth tilted his head. “What’s that supposed to mean?” 

	“Exactly what I said.” Wolf smirked, leaning back into his seat with his arms crossed smugly. “I haven’t seen you eat like that since that time we tried liberating all those guinea pigs! Ya nearly tore the collar of your Hawaiian shirt when you tried swallowing three at once.” 

	Wolf snickered at the look on his friend’s face, loving how wide the snake’s eyes went before raising a coil over his face, attempting to hide the blush. It may have been a low blow, bringing up the guinea pig incident considering all they had gone through last year, but darn it, it was still funny to see the grumpy reptile get all huffy and defensive. 

	Alas, it appeared as though Snake had anticipated the cheap blow, for the serpent soon returned the smug look. “Oh, I get it now!” 

	Wolf furrowed his brows. “Get what?” 

	“Where the phrase ‘to wolf down’ comes from! Whoever coined it must have gotten the inspiration from watching you stuff yourself!” 

	“Woah, woah!” The lupine held up his paws defensively. “I don’t ‘stuff myself.’ You may have swallowed all two dozen cupcakes whole, but I ate mine with grace and elegance.” 

	“Wolf, you were double fisting them into your mouth for the past thirty minutes.” 

	“Grace. And. Elegance.” 

	“So you’ve been gracefully smearing strawberry frosting on your muzzle?” 

	“What?!” Alarmed, Wolf quickly ran his tongue all along his lips, not wanting a single sprinkle to coat his lovely brown fur. When he found not a hint of sugar on his muzzle, he looked up to find the snake snickering to himself, slapping his tail against the table. 

	The wolf grumbled. “Fine, you got me. They’re good cupcakes, alright?” 

	Snake nodded, still giggling. “Yeah they were. Not quite as satisfying as a lab full of guinea pigs, but close enough, I guess.” 

	Despite the somewhat embarrassing situation, Wolf couldn’t help but smile to himself as he reclined along his seat, his left arm draped along the booth while his right gently nursed his food baby. To think, it was barely a week since they had been released from jail, and while freedom had never tasted sweeter to The Bad Guys, so, too, was the allure of their previous ways. Even on their way home from jail, Wolf noticed his serpent friend drooling as they drove past a petshop, the lupine wise enough to know that Snake wasn’t particularly looking to adopt a kitten. Old habits die hard, after all. 

	Their trip to the bakery was to try and get Snake hooked on food that wasn’t still alive and squirming, although Wolf admittedly ate his fair share as well, and then some. Even through his winter jacket, the lupine could feel the round, solid bump his belly had swollen into, packed full of roughly 3,000 calories worth of cupcakes. That was certainly a splurge; it took plenty of dieting and exercise to maintain his neat, trim figure that he was so proud of. Sweets were definitely a weakness of his, to be sure. 

	Despite the full belly of sugary calories, Wolf didn’t regret this outing in the slightest. While Snake had always come across as grumpy and snarky, the lupine could tell his scaly companion had enjoyed himself as well. Beneath the table, Snake was most definitely nursing a similar sugary lump himself, the serpent’s body looking like a rope with a knot in the middle. Oh, Snake loved every lump of frosted dough that passed through his snout, even if he wouldn’t admit it. 

	But that was fine with Wolf; he could tease his tsundere friend all day. “So, you said it was worth the climb, right?” 

	Snake rolled his eyes. “The fact that I even heard you out should say enough, Wolf. You know I’m cold blooded, right?” 

	“Right, right. You’re too cool and macho to be seen with me.” 

	“No, Wolf, I’m literally cold blooded. As in, I could actually freeze solid if I stayed outside long enough.” 

	Wolf furrowed his brows. “Then why are you wearing the hawaiian shirt?” 

	Snake smacked his forehead with his tail. “Oh, doi, you’re right! Why don’t I just slither right to the winter shop and buy myself a winter jacket that can fit a snake! Gee, you’re sooooo smart!” 

	“Aaaaah.” Wolf stuck his tongue out teasingly. “And here I thought you just made up an excuse to cuddle on the ski lift up.” 

	“Wolf!” 

	The lupine howled with laughter, slamming his fist onto the table hard enough to rattle their empty plates. Oh, that did the trick alright. The snake’s face was beet red! Mainly from anger, yes, but it definitely still counted as a blush! 

	Wiping a tear from his eye, Wolf smiled triumphantly as he rested his head on his paw, looking out the window - mainly to avoid the death glare his partner was giving him. It was a beautiful sight outside; the thick clouds had parted just enough to allow sunlight to glisten off the freshly fallen snow, the entire mountain looking like a series of glittering gems. With no trees this high up, it was easy to spot the next highest peak several dozen feet below, the mountain sloping down to form a snowboard terrain park. It was fun, watching various people take turns grinding on rails and leaping off of ramps on their skis and snowboard. Their ride on the ski lift took them directly overhead the terrain park, giving them a perfect view of the skiers and snowboarders tricking off various obstacles. Heck, one of the ramps was big enough that someone could have lept off and grabbed the hanging chair if they were so inclined! If he wasn’t spending the day with a literal cold-blooded reptile, and if he wasn’t so darn full of cupcakes, he would have loved to join them. 

	Wolf turned back to face Snake, his pointy ears folding back. Whoops, Snake was still glaring daggers at him. Maybe he went too far with the whole “cuddling” joke? Awkwardly scratching behind his ears, Wolf quickly racked his brains for something to say to help defuse the situation. “So, uh, thanks again for paying for everything.” 

	“Right,” Snake snorted, unamused. “I only did it because Diane said I needed to share more.” 

	“Yeah.” Wolf tapped the table shyly. 

	“Otherwise I would definitely stick the check with you.” 

	“M’hm.” Now he was clawing at the table. 

	“Especially since you ate way more than I did.” Snake grunted, the edges of his lips curling up, just a bit.

	“Ch-check please!” 

	Wolf wasn’t so sure why he was feeling so awkward. It was just a joke; he made plenty of those at Snake’s expense. Although the “cuddling” quip did sort of escape his lips; man, he really needed to think before he spoke. Did he mess up his friendship with Snake just then? Darn it, he had to get out of this situation, the lupine feeling himself burning up beneath his heavy jacket. 

	Thankfully, their waiter, a rather burly mustached man whose muscles quite clearly showed through his dark uniform, was quick to appear, handing the pair their check. Wolf blinked when he saw the number on the paper attached to the clipboard. Phew, now that was a steep price for…what, five dozen cupcakes? Now Wolf actually felt bad for sticking the bill on Snake. 

	“Yeah, I don’t have any money on me, sorry.” Snake said smugly. 

	“What?!” Both wolf and the mustached waiter cried out in unison, the wolf’s yellow eyes as wide as saucers. “Snake, you said you would pay for it!” 

	“Yeah, well I forgot my wallet at home.” Snake smirked. “Guess you’ll have to take care of it.” 

	“Snake!” Oh, that slimy, slippery serpent! Wolf knew he should have been suspicious when Snake went to “buy” their lift tickets on his own. The lupine felt his blood pressure rise. “This isn’t the time for jokes, Snake. I didn’t even bring my wallet to begin with.” 

	“WHAT?!” Snake and the mustached waiter shouted together, the mustached man’s face reddening while the serpent looked horrified. “What the heck?! Who just willingly leaves their wallet at home!” 

	“C’mon, Snake, I’m used to…” Wolf’s ears folded back. “I’m used to using other people’s wallets, not my own.” 

	“So neither of us brought any money?!” 

	With his heart rising to his chest, Wolf slowly turned to look up at the very tall, very muscular, and very mustached man looming over them, steam billowing from his nostrils as though he were part bull. Oh, how this gentleman reminded him of a certain bold and brash police chief. And like every interaction he ever had with said police chief, Wolf wanted nothing more than to turn tail and make a break for it! 

	But he couldn’t. He turned a new leaf, and he promised Diane that he’d permanently remove the Bad from The Bad Guys. 

	Clearing his throat, Wolf slowly rose from his seat, wincing as his bloated belly bumped against the underside of the table. “N-now wait just a moment, Mister…” His eyes squinted as he read the nametag on the man’s chest. “Ivan. We sincerely apologize for our forgetfulness, it happens to the best of us, right? I mean, I understand we may not have the most credibility-” 

	“Dah,” Ivan cut him off, speaking in a deep, heavy accent. “I have hearing of you, ‘Bad Guys.’ We’re no bank, you do not steal from us!” 

	“Hang on, there is no ‘stealing’ going on here!” Wolf swallowed nervously, noting how other waiters were starting to approach from either side, more or less cornering the pair into their booth. Even Snake was starting to look antsy, coiling up tighter in his seat while slinking away from the looming workers. “We would never dine and dash, honest! We’re The Good Guys now. Surely you’ve heard that before, right?” 

	“Nyet.” 

	“Well, regardless, could we pay a different way, perhaps? I’m sure you’d appreciate some help cleaning tables, or washing tables, or-” 

	“Nyet!” Ivan chuckled maliciously. “Bad Guys are famous, not Good Guys. Bad Guys have…alternative method of paying.” The large fellow reached into his uniform, fumbling around in his chest pocket before pulling out a piece of paper, unfurling it for the pair to see. 

	Wolf forgot how to breathe just from looking at it. 

	The entire crew, all five of them: Mr. Wolf, Mr. Snake, Mr. Shark, Mr. Piranha, even Webs; all of them were on a wanted poster, their grayed out mugshots staring right back at him. And the bounty…oof, they’d be able to afford to eat as many cupcakes as they wanted for life with that kind of money! Wolf’s mind was frantically trying to piece together who in the world they managed to tick off so badly that they were wanted for that much money. A rival crime lord, perhaps? 

	And seriously? A wanted poster? What was this, the 17th century? They were thieves, not pirates! 

	Either way, they were in serious trouble; their escape route was completely blocked off by the various workers of the eating establishment. Snake looked up at Wolf with a frightened expression, and Wolf reciprocated. They were trapped; however, this was not their first sticky situation, not by a long shot. Wordlessly, they nodded to each other, both completely aware of what their next plan was. 

	Turning the charm up to eleven, Wolf flashed his brightest smile, placing a paw on the table. “Now now, gentlemen. I’m sure there’s a peaceful, nonviolent resolution we come to if we just-” 

	Bam! Wolf overturned the table as quickly as he could, and was rewarded by Ivan’s sudden screaming; it seems he hit the big guy’s foot with that. Not that either of them had time to check, for while the table fell, Wolf and Snake leapt onto their seats and smashed their way out the window, as they had done countless times in the past!

	The snow outside cushioned their fall, and they didn’t have to worry about treading on broken glass. Landing outside, Wolf took off into a sprint, his feet swallowed up by the foot of snow. “Fantastic! Not even a week out of prison, and we’re already eating and running! Hope you’re happy, Snake!” 

	“Sh-sh-shut u-up!” 

	Wolf looked back to find his friend slowly sliding along the snow after him, the serpent’s teeth chattering incessantly. “W-we w-were on w-wanted p-p-posters! Th-they were g-gonna t-try to nab us r-r-regardless, a-a-and…” 

	Snake was freezing up, literally. The serpent’s winding body was stiffening up, halting his movement as straightening out his lengthy form. Geeze, Wolf knew his friend was cold blooded, but he didn’t think Snake would turn into a giant popsicle that quickly! 

	Turning tail to recapture his friend, the lupine’s sharp ears picked up the distinct sound of a motor starting up. “Crud, they’re using snow-mobiles!” Wolf spat, cursing their bad luck. He wouldn’t be able to escape on foot, even without caring for his frozen friend. What should he do? 

	Glancing over his shoulder, Wolf saw the terrain park below him, once more watching snowboarders shredding along the rails and ramps, before coming up with an ingenious idea. 

	“I’m really sorry about this, Snake!” 

	Snake couldn’t even form the words to cuss out his friend, merely glarding indignantly at Wolf before the lupine tossed him forward, the rigid snake gliding along the top of the snow. Running to catch up, Wolf leapt right on top of his partner, making sure to avoid stepping on that bloated belly. 

	And just like that, they were snowboarding down the hill! 

	Wolf kicked at the ground as though he were skateboarding, desperately attempting to gain speed. Only a few pushes were needed, however, as soon the lupine felt the icy wind blow against his brown fur, blowing it back. Faster and faster they went, Snake’s frozen body making an excellent substitute for fiberglass as they rocketed straight down the frozen mountain, the air filled with the sound of grinding snow, completely leaving behind the sound of snowmobiles. 

	Despite the tense situation, Wolf couldn’t help but grin to himself; they were escaping! Not only that, but they were looking good while doing it. There was no point in running away if you weren’t gonna be stylish about it, after all! 

	Rocketing full speed ahead, Wolf charged right through the top of the ski lift as a blur of brown, rushing straight onto the terrain park. If Ivan and his goons were gonna catch up to them, he better do his best to blend in with the other snowboarders, and what better way to do that than to pull off a few tricks of his own? He lept right onto the first grind rail, landing with his snakeboard perpendicular to the rail, and fast enough that he swore he saw sparks flying out from behind. 

	A kickflip at the end, and he was back to sliding along the solid snow, swiftly swerving to his right in order to make it onto the halfpipe. Grabbing the (literal) nose of his board, shot straight up, slowly rotating in the air. 180…360…540 degrees! 

	“Woah, check out that guy!” 

	Wolf’s tail wagged as he heard a teenager call out for him. Oh, he still had it! Even with a belly far too full of cupcakes, he definitely still had the moves! The lupine made sure to flash a bright smile as he heard a cellphone camera click, before making it right back onto the snow, sliding along. Oh, if only they weren’t running for their lives, Wolf would have loved to see what other tricks he could pull off on his own. Alas, he didn’t want to wear down the snakeboard more than he had to. 

	At least there was still one big ramp he could jump off. 

	Crouching down, Wolf sped up until the falling snow itself starting to sting his face. Faster, faster, the trees around them a blur. Finally at the ramp, he leapt into the air, feet still clutching Snake and-

	He gasped, wide-eyed. They had been caught! 

	The snowmobiles he heard earlier weren’t for chasing after them; they were for routing them off! At the bottom of the hill, right at the lounge, an entire line of snowmobiles blocked off their only exit off the terrain park. They’d be sliding right into the enemy’s grasp. 

	If only that was the worst of it. 

	“Cannons, fire!” 

	Ivan’s booming megaphone-enhanced voice made the wolf’s heart stop still. He couldn’t dodge cannon fire in midair! Even if the “cannons” looked like modified snowball launchers, they were still more than enough to knock Wolf off his feet, making them easy pickings for the bounty hunters! Crud, how was he supposed to stay on his feet…

	“Feet!” 

	It was an odd thing for Wolf to shout out, admittedly, but he didn’t care. Reaching up, he grabbed ahold of someone’s legs, ever so thankful of the ski lift that ran right above the terrain park! 

	Dangling from a very surprised woman’s legs, Wolf dexterously spun his snakeboard around as quickly as possible with his own two feet, the serpent a yellow and red blur. Perfect for deflecting the torrent of snowballs hurled their way. 

	“Gaaah, Svo-lach!” Wolf heard Ivan curse at the bottom of the hill, and while hearing swear words in different languages was always fun, he didn’t have time to celebrate. The hill still led straight to the blockade of snowmobiles, unless he could swing himself out of harm's way. Swinging back and forth from the startled woman’s ankles, Wolf launched himself towards the next pair of dangling legs, then leapt to the next, treating the ski lift tourists like monkey balls. All while muttering apologies, of course. 

	“‘Scuse me, ma’am! Sorry, sir!  Just passing through! Sorry, sorry. Your fly’s down, mister.” 

	The effort was far more intense than Wolf had anticipated, the lupine panting heavily once he made it to the sixth seat. Darn, he was really regretting the mass of food lumped up in his stomach. However, he would have to worry about indigestion later, as with one last leap, he launched himself into the trees. 

	If the upper branches would strain under Wolf’s weight at its lightest, they would certainly snap beneath his weight at his heaviest, I.E. now. Regardless, the lupine couldn’t think of any alternative as he grabbed ahold the nearest branch, halting their decent for merely a second before hearing it crumple from his weight. 

	Gasping, he fell onto a lower branch, sliding down along it on his snakeboard, straight towards the trunk of another tree. Launching himself off, propelled himself along the side of the tree with his arms, to avoid injuring the poor snake even more than he had to, sliding along another snowy branch. 

	At last, he was back on the mountain, heading down a completely separate path than the terrain park. Well, he could even call it a ‘path.’ The area was dense with trees, barely giving Wolf time to react to any of the obstacles! “Woah’s” and “Yipe’s” echoed along the mountain as he swerved, ducked, and even jumped over the unmarked path. At one point, he found himself grinding along the trunk of a fallen tree, leaping off right in time to slide down another tree slanted at a diagonal angle, before striking the ground with enough force to cause the wolf’s legs to buckle beneath him. 

	Still, they weren’t out of the woods yet; figuratively and literally. The further they went, the more Wolf realized he wasn’t exactly mapping out where they were heading. They could end up completely lost at the bottom of the mountain, or worse, straight into the arms of the bounty hunters. Would those cupcakes of theirs serve to be their last meal? 

	Suddenly, Wolf perked up, his tail wagging. The terrain had leveled out significantly, allowing them to slow to a gradual halt. Just on the otherside of another row of trees lay the parking lot; even better, he could see his own jet black car parked not too far away. 

	“Yes!” Wolf couldn’t help it; the adrenaline pumping through his veins caused him to leap into the air in triumphant victory. A year in prison didn’t rust their skills at all! He still had it in him! 

	“Hah! Do svidaniya, jerks! You idiots never had a chance! No one can catch the two of us when we work together, right Snake?” 

	Oh… 

	Ears folded, the wolf grimaced as he lifted his snakeboard up. The blistering cold had completely petrified the poor serpent, his sharp teeth clenched and his wide eyes cross eyed in a painful, albeit humorous expression. A solid layer of ice surrounded the snake’s body; looking closer, Wolf noticed the round bulge comprising Snake’s belly had actually bloated up even further, bigger than a basketball. Whoops, he probably should have been more careful shredding with his snakeboard, poor Snake accidentally ate a ton of snow, from the looks of it. 

	“Eeheh, right…” Wolf chuckled awkwardly, tugging nervously at his collar. “I guess we should, erh, go defrost you then. I’ll make sure to…turn the car heater on high.” 



	Thankfully, the receptionist at the spa clinic didn’t question why Mr. Wolf himself had came with a completely frozen over Mr. Snake. In fact, the kind lady even offered to fetch a large pan of hot water to set the rigid serpent in to help thaw him out. It was a shame Wolf couldn’t tip her more than what little cash he had on hand; he would definitely need to call Diane and have her bail him out of yet another sticky situation. But really, Wolf couldn’t complain; everything after their escape had gone very smoothly. 

	The only real downside to it all was Snake’s seething glare towards the lupine as he slowly thawed out. 

	“This sauna’s cozy, huh?” Wolf attempted to make smalltalk his friend, wiggling on the wooden bench. “Perfect after spending all day in the snow, I think. I mean, my paws are still a lil cold, which is why I’m still wearing my gloves. But I mean, it’s nice to finally take off that heavy jacket and let all this fur breathe, ya know?” 

	Silence; Mr. Snake’s eyes narrowed. 

	The lupine chuckled. “Right, you don’t have fur, because you’re-” 

	“Cold blooded” 

	“-a reptile, I was gonna say a reptile. But, yeah you’re also cold blooded…literally, heh.” 

	If Wolf was still wearing a shirt, he’d be tugging at it right about now. “You’re still mad at me, huh?” 

	“You dink?!” The serpent’s hissed. 

	“Dink?” Wolf blinked. “Did you catch a cold? You’re sounding a little nasally.” 

	“Obdioudly I did, dummy!” Snake slammed his coils against the side of the pan, wincing at the loud clanging sound it made. He was still defrosting. “You dowboarded me down a dupid mounden-” 

	“To escape the mercenaries!” 

	“-grinded me on de railing-”

	“We looked so cool, though!” 

	“-and dlammed me into a tree!”

	Wolf didn’t have a response for that one. Admittedly, he was a bit harsh on his snakeboard at the end of their chase, if only because panic and adrenaline had narrowed his focus towards escaping more so than his friend’s well-being. “Alright, you got me there. But it worked out in the end, right? We got out scot free, and as far as I can tell, we weren’t tailed on the way here. Yeah, I’m sorry for shredding the slopes with your body, but c’mon, what do you want from me?” 

	Snake snorted, loudly. Goodness, he was congested. “I want you to pred on mah back.” 

	Wolf blinked. “Pred- what?” 

	Tilting his head, the lupine watched as his friend slowly turned away from him, gesturing with his tail towards what Wolf could only assume was the snake’s lower back. “Ooooh, of course! I can do that.” 

	He scooted closer, his gloved paws resting along the serpent’s scaly figure. Lower down, the ex-thief could easily see the results of their earlier binge. Despite boasting a far better digestive tract and metabolism than any of The Bad Guys, Snake’s middle still lumped out into a rotund sphere, in the process of digesting all those cupcakes and snow. Erh, water; Wolf noticed a bit of sloshing whenever the snake moved. 

	“Wolf?” 

	“Right, yeah. Sorry.” He didn’t realize he’d been staring. Grunting, he pressed firmly along the snake’s back, not quite sure what he was trying to accomplish until- 

	Craaaack

	“Aaaaawwwww yeeaaaaaah!” Snake sighed in relief as he slumped against the edge of his basin, eyes rolling back blissfully. 

	“Gross,” the lupine muttered, hair raising at the sound that filled the room. Thank goodness no one else was in the sauna. “So we’re good, right?” 

	“Nope.” 

	“Figures.” Wolf chuckled. “Next time, I’ll treat you to cupcakes, alright? Somewhere back in town, away from those freaks, of course. Does that sound good?” 

	The snake smirked back at him. “Tree doden next time!” 

	“Three dozen? Don’t you ever get full?!” Wolf laughed loudly, gesturing at the lump in Snake’s belly. 

	The serpent chuckled along. “I wad gonna adk you da dame thing, Wolf.” 

	Wolf’s laughter immediately died in his throat, not at all liking what his friend was insinuating. His tail curled shyly around his leg as the serpent’s tail prodded his furry brown belly. Now with no shirt hiding it, the lupine could see the rounded dome slightly covering the helm of his spotted underwear, his belly button a good three or four inches away from where it normally resided. Still quite firm from all those cupcakes (and aching quite a bit after all that strenuous exercise), yet there was still just the slightest bit of give when Snake prodded it, proof that it wasn’t just all cupcakes making up Wolf’s rounded belly. 

	The very air in the sauna suddenly felt twenty degrees warmer as the wolf brought a white towel over to cover his lap, scowling. “I-it was a moment of weakness, alright?!” 

	“Mhm.” 

	“I-I’ll diet ASAP, alright?! I-it’s just a little bloating. Please don’t bring it up to anyone, ok?” 

	“Can I bring up all the dings you dole when we were edcaping?” 

	“W-what things? I didn’t steal-” But Wolf was cut off as Snake’s tail slapped his paw, knocking off the glove. To the lupine’s horror, various trinkets and jewelry sprinkled out from within: rings, bracelets, even some cash! 

	Another moment of weakness. Wolf felt his heart drop at the sight of his stolen goods. He didn’t mean to, honestly he didn’t, yet while they were escaping from Ivan, while hanging from the ski lifts, the lupine couldn’t help but to snatch a few pieces of hanging jewelry from the unsuspecting tourists during all the confusion. That chase had brought him back to someone he thought he’d long abandoned: a two-bit thief. He was ashamed; what if Diane saw this? How would the other guys feel if they saw him stealing like a kleptomaniac? 

	Despite his inner turmoil, Snake continued to smile smugly at the wolf, using his coils to scoop the trinkets back into the glove. “I won’t tell if you won’t, Wolf.” 

	“Right…” Wolf nodded solemnly, taking the glove back from his partner. “Thanks, Snake.” 

	“For four dozen cupcakes.” 

	“Snake!” 

	“Three dozen! Take it or leave it!”

Wolf couldn’t help but chuckle. “Deal.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/47364174/