Foxes are my favorite species to fatten up, even the robot ones. 

Foxy turns on the next morning and sees something's a bit different than usual. Last time he remembered, his stomach wasn't so big, nor did it jiggle every time he moved it. Could the engineers be behind this sudden change? *whistles casually and walks away*

For the record, I'm thinking about making the plot for this story a lot bigger (just like Foxy's waistline) involving the new animations as well as a few interesting plot twists and what not. Is that worth it for a silly fat fur story? Or should I just focus on the fats?



	Awakening after a full night's "sleep", Foxy stood still as he felt himself reboot automatically. Static filled the robotic vulpine's vision briefly, his optic transmitters slowly switching themselves on. Soon enough, the static began to dissipate, revealing a low-quality image of the room he's standing in through his eyes. As his vision began to clear, Foxy slowly turned his head from left to right, his metal neck joints creaking as he analyzed the room he was in. Just like any day, he woke up at the end of a long hallway at the back of the building, with gloomy dark grey walls and faded out tiles on the floor. Several employees at Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria tried to lighten up the eerie atmosphere at that hallway by taping several pictures drawn by children on the walls, but those only served to make the hallways even creepier. While many employees hesitated to approach the dark hallways, Foxy considered it his bedroom of sorts, seeing as how he always "sleeps" in there.

	Satisfied with his surroundings, Foxy switched to moving his head up and down, ensuring his neck joints worked vertically as well as horizontally. The robotic fox's retinal cameras slowly panned upwards, viewing the light grey ceiling before panning down to get a view of his feet. Instead, Foxy noticed a strange distortion in his suit preventing him from seeing the ground directly below him. "Yarg..? What be this this?" He asked no one in particular as he poked his bulging belly with his hook, watching in bewilderment as it jiggled from the poke. Having a metal endoskeleton, Foxy knew he wasn't exactly soft despite his fur, and yet here he was with a strange new stomach that squished inwards wherever he poked it. What is going on?

	"Heheh, looks like you put on a bit of weight there, Foxy."

	Foxy swiveled his neck towards the source of the voice, his head nearly turning 180 degrees despite his body still facing forward. Seeing who had spoken, Foxy grinned and turned the rest of his body around to waved at his personal mechanic: a brown, curly haired man around his late twenties. "Ahoy, Kevin! Do ye, uh, know wha' I did las' night to get this here gut? I don't recall eatin' anythin' at all."

	Kevin chuckled as he walked over to Foxy's side, poking the large fox's squishy stomach. "What do you mean you don't recall? You were like a bottomless pit last night, stuffing your muzzle with as much pizza as the chef's could bake! Even Chica got winded from making so much food for your greedy self."

	Foxy's eyes widened in shock as he heard this, his eye patch even flipping up to show both of his yellow glowing eyes. "S-shiver me timbers! I 'ope I didn't upset th' kiddies, making a pig out of meself like the scallywag I am!"

	Kevin couldn't help but giggle at the fox's innocence, wrapping his arm behind Foxy to subtly encourage him to start walking down the hallway. "Awww, don't worry big guy. The kids had a great time watching you eat. In fact, I'm sure as soon as you're at Pirate Cove again, everyone's gonna be especially excited just to see you!" Foxy let out a slight smile as he walked down the hall, feeling somewhat less guilty for his gluttonous spree last night.  Had his programming been completely booted up, however, the chubby fox would have realized that he walked to the back of the building at 8:00PM, the pizzeria's closing time, before deactivating himself. After Foxy was turned off, Kevin ran basic maintenance on him, looking around for any loose wires or missing bolts. The mechanic then grabbed his note from earlier, an interesting request Mike wrote down to him about giving Foxy "a fatter look," and got straight to work. Augmenting the suit was surprisingly easy for the skillful mechanic, all he had to do was simply implant a special type of liquid-filled insulin and add extra "skin" to cover it up. The result was a Foxy with a round potbelly and not a single scar on him. The only thing left to do before releasing the animatronic vulpine was to test his reaction to it. 

	Whenever Foxy strolled down the back hallway, he would usually glance at the walls, giving the kids' drawings a quick glance before moving onto the next. Occasionally he would stop and point at a picture of him with his hook, exclaiming "Yarr, I be needin' a talented artist like this one for me crew!" Now, the robotic fox completely disregarded the drawings on the wall, his focus stuck on his new belly as he poked and prodded it all the way to the center of the building. Due to his obsession over his new stomach, Foxy nearly bumped into Chica, almost causing the metal chicken to drop her plates.

	"Oof! Hey, watch it pirate!" Chica squawked, teetering hesitantly as she carefully set the white plates on a nearby table. 

	"Urf, sorry lass! I've been feelin' distracted as of late," Foxy responded, still staring down at his new belly.

	"Distracted? From what? Is someone planning to walk you off a plank?" The yellow bird retorted sarcastically, chuckling at her own wit before noticing something strange about her robotic companion. "Bwahahaha! Did you swallow a bowling ball or something?!" 

	Foxy stepped back from the sudden burst of laughter, his robotic ears squeaking as they folded backwards. "N-no? Accordin' to me first mate Kevin, I got hungry and ate some o' yer vittles last night. I s'pose it made Ol' Foxy a bit rounder, didn't it?" Foxy chuckled, tapping the side of his stomach with his hook to show his foul-tempered friend how soft it was.

	Chica stopped and stared at the fox's gut for a while, briefly stunned that he managed to actually gain weight despite being an animatronic. "Whoa, you really did get fatter… hey wait, you put on weight from eating my food? My cooking is perfect, thank you very much!" She said with a scowl, the yellow chicken placing her wings on her hips. 
	Foxy's eyes widened as he stepped away from the angry chicken, holding his paw and hook up defensively. "O-o' course it is, lass, 'tis very good indeed!"

	"Quit trying to flatter me, pirate! I can tell you're lying between your teeth!"

	"I ain't flattering ye, ya scallywag!"

	Both animatronics growled and leaned threateningly close to each other, their foreheads nearly touching before a familiar voice shouted out to them from across the pizzeria. "Hey, are you two fighting again?"

	Foxy grinned as he saw his best friend eagerly bounce towards them. "Ahoy, Bonnie! How goes you?" 

	"Great as always!" Bonnie said cheerfully as he skidded to a halt in front of the two animatronics, giving Foxy a quick hug like he did every time they met. Feeling a bit of resistance around the red fox's middle, however, the large purple rabbit briefly stopped the embrace to look down, only to bring his paws up to his muzzle like a child trying not to giggle after watching someone fall down. "Teehee, did you get fat Foxy?"

	"Ay, 'tis a wee belly I managed t' gain," Foxy said proudly, sticking his gut out for the animatronic bunny to see. Bonnie giggled and clapped his paws together as he got a closer look at the light red belly, poking it eagerly. 

	"Pfft, I don't see what the big deal is. I have wide hips, yet no one says anything," Chica grumbled, folding her wings as she looked at the ground.

	"Yeah, you're right Chica, you're totally fat," Bonnie exclaimed, holding his paws to his mouth again as he failed to suppress his giggling.

	"That's what I'm say- what's that supposed to mean!?" Chica hollered, staring daggers at the laughing rabbit.

	Before things could escalate between the three animatronics, Freddy quickly walked over after setting up the chairs to break up the dispute, the brown bear stepping in the middle of the group and holding his arms out. "Hey, no more teasing each other, ok? I could hear you on the other side of the pizzeria! We have to be positive and nice towards each other when the kids show up."

	Bonnie folded his ears and looked away, not wanting to upset his superior. "Sorry Freddy, we were just talking about Foxy's fat belly is all."

	"Fat belly?" Freddy repeated as he turned his attention to the pirate fox, noticing a sizable paunch on his middle. Instantly the robotic bear's eyes widened, his head whirring as he tried to process the information given to him. How did Foxy get chubby if he's an animatronic? Can animatronics actually eat and grow fat? Did Foxy accidently stuff something else inside his suit? If so, how come their handlers didn't take it out yet? Freddy asked himself all these questions and more as he continued to glare at Foxy's gut, the brown bear being the only one of the four who's completely aware that they are, in fact, animatronics. Either ways, he decided it was best to go along with it for now, any maybe ask someone about it later. 

	"Heeheehee, sitting around and telling stories really takes a toll on your body, huh?" Freddy said, letting out his trademark giggle.

	"Ay, it appears so. Ol' Foxy's gotta run aroun' a bit perhaps to lose this 'ere pudge," Foxy chuckled as he looked down at his noticeable pudge, rubbing it lovingly despite just announcing his plans to lose it.

	"You may have to run later, Foxy, the pizzeria's about to open," Freddy remarked as he glanced at the clock, reading it as 2 minutes to 8. All at once, the animatronics quickly scrambled into their places for their respective performances, Foxy taking a few extra seconds longer due to admiring how his stomach wobbled with every step he took. Once at Pirate Cove, the pirate fox quickly drew the curtain over himself and waited, his furry tail wagging once he heard the sounds of children wondering in.



	Mike Schmidt chuckled as he watched the Pirate Cove camera feed, the security guard lifting his feet onto his desk as he stared at the monitor. Just like yesterday, kids were practically swarming the stage, pointing and reaching for Foxy's soft belly. Judging from the animatronic's expression, Mike had to say that Foxy looked pretty dang happy from all of the attention he was receiving. The day watchman took a large swig of coffee as he watched Foxy finally start his show, most likely opening it up with a tale of how he managed to put on quite a bit of weight over night. As was expected, the children scooted as close as possible to pay attention, magically drawn to the story while the parents were silently questioning whether or not the fox pirate gave good morals to the kids or not. 

	Taking a closer look at the screen, Mike noticed that the children didn't shy away whenever Foxy picked on one of them to help him in his "adventures." In the past, many kids would slink away and try to blend into the crowd when the robot pirate selected them, intimidated by his sharp teeth, energetic movements, and hooked hand. Now, the kids were practically begging to be chosen to go on stage with Foxy, every one of them shooting their hands up whenever the fox even mentioned the word "partner." Mike had to agree, the softer belly did make Foxy look far less daunting than before... but what if they "upped the ante" a bit? Finishing the last of his coffee, Mike swung his legs off his desk as he pulled out his sketch pad and pencil, scribbling another idea for a redesign of Foxy, as well as reinforced floor boards for the stage. The wooden boards did bend quite a bit whenever the heavy fox stepped on them.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15279293/