Gift for an awesome artist friend of mine  AceusXAkseu featuring his character Tide (ref here http://www.furaffinity.net/view/9405649/ ) traveling to a brand new resort to see what its like! In it, he writes a journal describing some of the interesting things that happen (such as it getting harder and harder too see past his stomach).

I hope you like it, Aceus! :D

Cameo appearances include :  furrific1  trinitystrike

part 2 coming soon!


Day 1: 402 pounds

	Phew, talk about a long walk! That felt like HOURS. I need to pick out closer resorts, not ones that are all the freaking way across town. Well, now that I finally got that bit of complaining over with I can finally start this journal right. My name is Tide. My parents own the Ocean Side resort around the South side of town. It’s an awesome place, with several different activities and such, but I want to try something new for once, so I borrowed some of my parent’s money (they have enough to spare for a small little trip like this) and decided to try another resort to see what they’re like! Another reason I left was to put as much distance between myself and my infuriating brother, Atlas. He thinks that just because he was born first and he’s taller by over a foot AND he weighs around 1000 pounds that he can boss me around like I’m nothing. Believe me; this trip is gonna be just what I needed to finally relax. 

	On a different note, I arrived at the hotel around 6:00 PM, where I was greeted quickly by the staff. I had to go under the alias “Tim” because I didn’t want the workers here to treat me differently than the other furs here. My name would have easily gave away the fact that my parents owned a rival resort, so telling the staff that could quite possible change my experience here. Fortunately, no one seemed to notice anything as I walked through the lobby. Right when I checked in, however, a corpulent dragon offered me several cupcakes on a platter. I was about to decline, considering I stopped by many restaurants before I walked in here, but the way those cupcakes looked…how the frosting was arranged in a perfect start on top of the soft, chocolate cakes… I’m practically drooling on my paper thinking about it! Without hesitation, I grabbed the platter and muttered a quick thank you before I started devouring the succulent cakes, pleasantly surprised that the taste was as good as how they looked. 

	With a cupcake in one paw and the platter in another, I followed the same dragon to my room. Along the way, I took note of some interesting spots that I’d like to revisit, including a swimming pool, spa, buffet, bar, massage parlor, and gym. What was more interesting, however, was how the bar and buffet was teeming with furs while the gym looked completely vacant! Speaking of other furs, everyone here looked much fatter than most furs I’m used to seeing! None of them were anywhere near as large as my older brother, but they were definitely above normal, even for an obese town such as this. I didn’t have too much time to contemplate, however, as my draconian escort stopped and pointed to a door labeled 421. Smiling and nodding, the round-bellied dragon walked away happily, his gut bouncing with every step. Finishing off the cupcakes, I slowly opened the door, peering into a different hotel room for the first time in my life.

	Right in front of my door was a fairly large living room with a king-sized light blue bed (the same color as my back fur, what a coincidence!) near the right edge and a 32” TV on the other side of the room. Further in, I also noticed a walk in kitchen, complete with several different pots, pans, an oven and microwave (which is a must, because sometimes I feel like I can’t go a day without cooking something)! Right next to my large bed was a door that led to the bathroom, which had a toilet, walk in sink, an oval shaped bathtub, and a scale which I find somewhat useless considering most furs here looked too big to even see their feet, much less the numbers on a scale. Kinda funny, now that you think about it. Walking back to the living/bedroom, I literally squealed in joy at the sight of another platter of cupcakes on my bed. I felt like a fatty at the idea of literally squealing just from seeing another batch of pastries, but I didn’t give it much thought as I hopped into bed and turned on the tv, holding the plate of cupcakes close to me. For the rest of the night, I munched on the cupcakes and scratched my small dome of a gut while I watched TV, still a little tired from all the walking. Staring at my chubby belly, I wondered what it would be like to be fatter than I already was; not just as fat as most of the residents here, but even fatter, maybe almost as obese as my older brother! That way, I’d be able to match Atlas’s overinflated size and ego and see what it’s like to boss people around because of your weight. Digging a paw through my chub, I knew that all that weight wouldn’t just come in one night, however. Until then, I wonder if they’ll have more cupcakes for me in the morning….

Day 2: 411 lbs.

	Wow, I didn’t even know I feel asleep! These beds are so amazingly soft! It felt impossible to get up today and leave, but I was just dying to see more of this resort! Lumbering out of the door, I saw several of the hefty residents here all waddle to the same place as if put under a trance. It was kinda funny, watching all these large furs move so quickly in one direction. Naturally, I followed them, curious as to what had attracted all their attention. I really shouldn’t be surprised at what I found. On the first floor towards the back of the resort, there was a ginormous room, packed to the brink with furs, food, furniture, and other f words! (No, not that one, get your mind out of the gutter!) Half of the chairs and tables were already occupied by several large furs, some of which I wondered whether they would give out or not. Shrugging, I waddled to the buffet line and grabbed a plate (these things were huge! The smaller ones were bigger than both of my paws held together, and I have pretty big paws!) Sadly for me, I had to wait in a big line (well, there weren’t that many furs in line, but their wide frames made the line seem much longer, plus it took a hell of a long time for them to pile everything onto their plates). Staring in front of me, I groaned and rubbed my spherical stomach in slow circles, hearing it grumble and complain, begging for food. I could smell the bacon and sausages giving off a strong, greasy smell, the rich, buttery stench of pancakes, even a light smell was expelled from the waffles! I swear if I stuck my tongue out I bet I could even taste the air! It took all of my will power to simply prevent myself from drooling over myself like a barbarian. 

	After an agonizing few minutes, I finally make my way to the head of the long table where plates upon plates of delicacies await me. Without waiting, I stabbed several pancakes and slid them onto my oversized plate. Grinning, I watched as my paws moved in a blur, grabbing stack after stack of pancakes, hash browns, bacon, sausages, anything I could reach for. As I was making a small mountain, someone on the other side of the table dropped a fresh Belgium waffle onto my platter. “You need to try this, dude! You’ll never look at ordinary waffles again!” Looking up, I saw an enormously obese tiger smile at me. He was about the same size as me, which is pretty rare, considering I’m six feet seven inches, and had a name tag that just said “Tubby T”. Boy did he live up to that name! Tubby’s massive gut dwarfed most of the others fat furs around here, leaving a large shadow on the long table. The large tiger’s shoulders were broad and wide, giving him a spherical appearance. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was the boulder from Indiana Jones.

	Smiling, I thanked the large tiger and let him pile food onto my plate, trusting his opinion of the food here, considering he obviously looked like a lover of edibles. Tubby was also helpful in explaining to me several locations and activities the resort included. Apparently, there’s an eating contest next week too! How exciting! While we talked, however, I continuously glanced at how much food the heavy tiger was placing on my plate. Helplessly, I watched as my small pile of food slowly grew into a mountain of a meal. Tubby didn’t stop until pieces of food such as bacon started to fall off the towering pile of food. After a couple more tries, Tubby finally gave up and handed me the plate, a waffle nearly falling off just from the slight movement. 

	Carrying the plate was no easy fret. On several occasions I had to suddenly jerk my plate left or right to save a piece of bacon from falling. Unfortunately, that usually just caused more food to fall. I even dropped a pancake right on top of a wide grey wolf’s face while he was in the middle of a conversation! Blushing heavily, I apologized again and again. Having been interrupted several times as a child in the past, I knew how frustrating it was to be rudely interrupted, especially by random objects of food thrown at your head (something Atlas has done to me for QUITE some time). However, the pear-shaped wolf merely laughed and opened his chubby maw wide, swallowing the pancake in one bite! “That’s ok, bud! I was about to go get more food anyway. Thanks for saving me the trip!” Chuckling, I sat down on a table nearby the grey wolf (whose nametag spelled out “Trinity”, nice name in my opinion). 

	Oh boy, where to start. Imagine traveling to your relatives’ house on Thanksgiving and seeing all the different foods lined up on individual plates. Take about 2/3’s of that, and cram it all onto one freakishly large plate, and you got about the amount of food I’m supposed to eat. Normally, I would tackle an epic meal like this slowly, but my complaining stomach would have none of that. Instead, I grabbed a fistful of sausage and started scarfing it down. And another. And another. And another. My god, this was absolutely delicious! The way the juices tasted from each bite, the sheer flavor, it was to die for!

*a few drool spots appear on this piece of paper*

	Smiling widely, I lunged for the bacon, hoping it would be just as good as the tantalizing sausages. I was not disappointed. Each piece of the reddish-brown bacon was fried up perfectly, long enough to be crispy and delicious, and not too long so it wouldn’t be dark and charred; in fact, the juicy meat strips were still warm. I thought the bacon was literally sizzling in my mouth! As if in a drug, I scooped several large handfuls of bacon into my mouth, chowing down quickly into my mountain of food, barely giving time to even chew! From the corner of my vision, I noticed Tubs watching me with a smirk, possibly proud of how much of a glutton he turned me into. Like I could care less, there was still food to eat! With knife and fork in hand, I started shoveling the wafers of pancakes and waffles down my voracious mouth. I felt as if my heart was melting from how delicious it was! Disregarding my silverware, I literally grabbed entire pancakes with my bare paws and stuffed them into my maw, quickly grinding the fluffy flapjacks into a fine paste before swallowing. I wasn’t even aware of how full I was getting either, or how much my stomach had swollen. My gut, which was a few inches away from the table earlier, now dug painfully into the sides of the table as if trying to eat the thing! Was it painful? Yes. Was that gonna stop me from eating my full? Heck no! 

	I pushed my swollen gut below the table and continued eating, entire pancakes and waffles disappearing in seconds. After devouring my 15th pancake, my ears perked up as someone was calling my name. Well, chanting was more like it. Without turning my head, I saw Trinity make his way to my line of vision cheering me on with his paw in the air while he shredded through a pastry with another. Not before long, other fat furs momentarily halted their feast to cheer me on as well, chanting my name and the word “eat” over and over again. And that’s just what I did. With renewed vigor, I continued tearing into my rapidly diminishing mountain of food, not caring that each carb-loaded bite would definitely put extra padding on me. The crowd cheered me on louder now; I could see Tubby making his way to the front of the group with Trinity, their entire bodies rippling as they raised their meaty arms into the air again and again. To be honest, that’s probably the most exercise they probably get in a month. 

	I winced in pain as I finished my 30th slice of bacon. My ballooning stomach was now squeezing against the table side and my thighs, pinching it painfully. I might have quit feasting right there had it not been for the large crowd of furs there. Taking a deep breath (which was regrettable, because that caused my belly to swell even more outward and pinch myself even more), I grabbed another large pawful of waffle and crammed it into my maw, ready to finish off what I started.

	It took a good five to ten minutes, but I finally finished my breakfast feast. Man was I stuffed! Now I know how a turkey felt on thanksgiving. After finishing the last bite, i leaned back and belched, rubbing my drum-taunt stomach. As if sensing the feast was over, my belly grumbled and creaked, still upset with me for eating what felt like ten pounds of food in less than a half an hour. Not only did the inside of my stomach hurt, but the outside as well. My insane binge had caused my tight belly to expand several inches outward, now firmly stuck between the table and my thighs. It was gonna take quite a bit of effort to pull that sucker out. The pain was eased somewhat, however, when the crowd started cheering loudly. Blushing bright red, I lowered my gaze from everyone, kinda shy after realizing how much of a pig I just acted like in front of all those people. It was strange how the furs here didn’t look down on gluttony, but actually seemed to enjoy, even thrive, on it. I could tell because everyone smiled and walked up to me one by one, congratulating me on my eating feat. Trinity and Tubby were the first to compliment me and stood by my side as everyone took turns seeing me. “Jeeze, when I saw you carry all that food earlier, I thought you were feeding a family of three!” Trinity remarked, his face one of astonishment, joy, and even a bit of envy. I honestly didn’t see how the wide grey wolf was so surprised, seeing as his belly looked large enough to HOLD a family of three in it. Tubby chuckled and patted my shoulder, causing me to wince in pain as my stomach squeezed against the table even more. “What can I say, I know a heavy eater when I see one. Maybe this time, we will have a new champion in the eating contest!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/10040698/