It's a bad habit of me to put off stories, then write them all in a single night. I can't tell if that makes me talented or lazy, probably the latter. 

Commission for  maylowfox who thought it was a good idea to try and steal Zero's precious Oreos. I'd be pretty mad too if someone tried taking my food, although Zero takes it to the extreme. 

I hope you enjoy, I had a blast writing this :D *slumps over and passes out*



	The volcano is one of Earth's greatest landmarks, it's beauty rivaled only by its ferocious power. Normally, the giant landmass is at a state of rest, coexisting with nature and its animals. However, one this faithful day, one such volcano begins to behave a little… violently. Earthquakes shake the surrounding landscape, warning anyone nearby that something was wrong. The air starts to grow more tense as the tremors continue, scattering any creature with a sensible mind away from the danger. Soon, the shakings grinded to a halt, not a single sound reverberating around the nearby area. Just when all seems calm, however, the mighty volcano does what it does best: explode! The resounding shockwave rockets away from the epicenter, startling anyone within a 10 mile radius of the ear-splicing noise.

	"SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" Zero shrieked as he stood in front of the pantry, his face turning a bright red from his shouting. Taking a few deep breaths, the chubby skunk waited a moment before continuing his yelling. "Get your ass down here right now, you greedy zoroark!"

	For a moment, nothing happened as Zero's yelling echoed around his large mansion several minutes after he finished screaming. Just when the skunk was about to slam the cabinet door and chase down the teenaged Pokémon, a head peeked out into the hallway, belonging to an extremely shy zoroark. "A-are you gonna yell at me? B-because I'm not gonna come i-if you're gonna yell at me," Sheero responded nervously, his teeth chattering uncontrollably. 

	"You're damn right I'm gonna yell at you, ya gluttonous fox! I took you in after you begged me to make you my apprentice, and this is how you treat me?" Zero retorted, placing his paws on his hips in the typical 'I'm angry' expression. "Now get your fat ass over here, before I shave your head!" 

	Whimpering from the harsh threat, Sheero hesitantly stepped out into the hallway, slowly stepping towards the livid mustelids while holding his long red and blue hair in his arms. "W-what's wrong, sir?" he timidly asked as he approached his master, too nervous to look Zero in the eyes.

	Having no patience for the frightened vulpine, Zero grabbed the zoroark's scruff and held him against the cupboard, his arm shaking with rage. "Do you notice anything off?" he growled menacingly.

	Choking back his frightened whimpers, Sheero looked around the cupboard, trying to see if anything was out of place. As one would expect from an obese skunk like Zero, the cupboard was brimming with junk foods and snacks, all wrapped up in colorful packaging. Twinkies, cupcakes, donuts, chips, you name it, Zero will eat it. However, towards the middle, the zoroark noticed a glimmer of silver aluminum amidst the sea of colorful wrappers. Upon closer inspection, he discovered it to be an empty package of golden birthday cake Oreos, Zero's favorite treat. What's worse, a single red hair lay on top of the empty container, its hue looking strikingly similar to Sheero's!

	"T-that wasn't me!" Sheero cried out before being silenced as the rotund skunk shoved him back onto the ground.

	"Who else would take my friggin Oreos and rub their friggin red hair all over my friggin snack?! You're gonna wind up the size of a mammoth if you keep taking my food, you friggin red-haired pig!" Zero shouted, the force of his voice causing his doughy second chin to wobble.

	Being as thin as a he was, Sheero wasn't too worried about gaining any immediate weight; However, he was rather concerned with the looming green skunk, noticing how tight the mustelid's jacket was looking. Having been sat on by the fattening skunk's gigantic rump quite a few times, Sheero quickly backed off as he tried to muster up an excuse in order to save his own hide. "B-b-but I'm serious, s-sir! I-it wasn't me! I-it has to be s-someone e-else!" the zoroark whined as he fell on his back, holding up a paw defensively. 

	Not buying the excuse, Zero positioned himself above the downed fox, ready to descend upon his prey at any moment. "Oh really? Well, I don't know anyone else who has long red hair like yourself," he scoffed… before pausing, looking off into the distance as he stood above the shivering Sheero. "Wait a sec… it couldn't be…oh, it was totally Maylow!" he shouted abruptly, prompting Sheero to quickly wiggle his way out from beneath Zero. 

	To Zero, Maylow was a worthy rival, although that couldn't be more farther from the truth. In reality, Maylow outclassed the skunk in every field possible when it came to thievery, burglary, and even assassination. Sure, Zero could infiltrate into many tightly-guarded buildings, as well as hold his own in close-quarters combat, but Maylow was on a whole different level. Where Zero was slow and deliberate, the red and grey fox could snatch up any artifacts, dispose of any guards, and escape before the skunk could even make it up the first floor. Even so, Zero still considered Maylow to simply be a common adversary, even if the fox could destroy him in a blink of an eye. With his eyes full of murderous rage, Zero quickly grabbed Sheero by the hair and dragged him away. "Cmon, fox. We have some work to do," he exclaimed, a plan slowly forming in his head.



	"I hate Mondays," Maylow sighed as he pushed open the front door to his house, grey and red fox lazily dragging a bloodied sword in with him. Hanging up his reddened scarf on a nearby hook, he quickly slammed the door shut and tossed the messy blade onto the floor, hoping the blood had dried up on the sword so it wouldn’t stain his carpet. Deciding at the last second that he was too tired to care, Maylow tossed his jacket on the ground and shook his hair, several throwing knives falling out to form a small pile on the ground. Carefully nudging the blades next to his sword using his feet, the vulpine assassin sighed and sulked over to the couch, a few lingering blades dropping from his hair every few steps, reminding the fox of all the times he was nearly killed every time he heard the soft thump behind him. 

	"The next time someone commissions me to kill the CEO of a Japanese weapons company, I'll shove my sword so far up their ass they'll get a headache," Maylow mumbled as he hopped onto his sofa, although immediately hoping off with a noisy yelp. Reaching behind him, the warrior fox yanked on a throwing star lodged in the seat of his pants, causing another series of whimpering and threats about swords and asses. Rubbing his bruised rump, he carefully climbed back onto the couch and reached for the remote… only to grab at thin air. 

	Scowling in frustration, Maylow turned his head to the remote and reached for it again, his fingers passing right through the intangible device. "What the hell is going on now?" he growled as he pawed at the remote, only for it to fade away without leaving behind any trace. Watching the device vanish into thin air quickly reminded Maylow of a certain zoroark he knew who had illusionary powers, as well as his very annoying master. "Gee wiz, it sure is weird how my remote suddenly disappeared!" he exclaimed in a mockingly surprised voice, slowly leaning back onto the couch. "It's almost as if someone who had special powers is standing in the corner of my living room. If that were true, I would bet he also has a narcissistic, overweight skunk for a 'teacher' who would be sitting right… here!" 

	Turning to the side, Maylow swiftly struck out with both of his feet into the seemingly empty space next to him on the couch. His efforts were quickly rewarded by the feeling of his toes sinking into an invisible water balloon, as well as the oh-so-sweet sound of Zero yelping in pain. Almost immediately, the fat green skunk was made visible before Maylow as he clutched his side, wincing in pain. "You could have just said 'I know where you are, come out of hiding,' ya know? You didn't have to be a jerk and kick my friggin ribs!" Zero whimpered, rubbing his bruised side tenderly.

	"You're lucky I didn't kill you on the spot, you fat airhead!" Maylow shouted back, reaching for one of the knives he dropped on the ground earlier. "I've had a really bad day, and nothing would make me happier than to hear you squeal like a pig a second time, so tell me what made you decide to force poor Sheero help you break into my house before I hang you like a bloody ornament!"

	Sensing that the jig was up, Sheero slowly appeared from thin air as well, the nervous zoroark reluctant to move from the corner of the room. Instead, he hesitantly raised his paw and waved at Maylow, before clutching his hair worriedly and avoiding eye contact. Despite Maylow and Zero's "rivalry," the red and grey assassin got along well with the zoroark, seeing as how his lithe body and mysterious powers make him quite the formidable adversary. Why he chose to align himself with that bloated skunk was beyond Maylow's comprehension, but he never questioned his motives. 

	"You know why I'm here, you food-snatching punk!" Zero shouted back, apparently not intimidated by the bloodied dagger in Maylow's paw. "You took my golden birthday cake Oreos! I've been waiting all month to savor their deliciousness, only to bask in horror as your grubby paws make off with my treasure! Do you know how painful it is to walk into Wal-Mart to buy them? It takes true strength to withstand all of those smelly, unkempt furs polluting the air with their nasty stench and grotesque bodies."

	"You certainly would know a lot about that, wouldn't you?" Maylow responded, wondering why the fat skunk would find smelly and ugly furs revolting. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. Heaving a sigh at how absolutely absurd this whole situation was, the fox slumped back onto his couch and reached for his remote, reminding himself to stop taking Zero seriously. "So what if I did take them? Are you going to actually fight me over freaking Oreos? I mean, I'm really not complaining, it's been a while since I've whaled on an overinflated punching bag such as yourself," he chided, playfully poking the skunk's bright pink nose.

	Despite the brief surge of embarrassment he felt from having his sensitive nose touched, Zero actually grinned as he looked down at Maylow. "Of course I'm not gonna fight you, at least not until I've leveled the playing field a bit!"

	Just as Maylow opened his mouth to make yet another witty retort, an invisible cylinder was thrusted into his muzzle, preventing any more dialogue from him for the next couple of pages. Yelping in shock, the fox pawed at and grabbed at the invisible object, desperately pulling the strange appliance from his maw, but to no avail. His taste buds had picked up a strange, vile taste around the cylinder in his mouth, possibly an adhesive used to keep his maw clamped around it. 

	"HA! For an assassin, you sure suck at surprise attacks," Zero gloated as he bent in front of the fox, kicking away the knife that Maylow was reaching for. As the obese skunk talked, the device slowly materialized out of thin air, revealing itself to a massive funnel attached to a hose leading outside. Rubbing his paws together diabolically, Zero sat next to the panicked fox as he nodded his head to Sheero, who quickly ran outside. "There's no use pulling on the hose, dummy. I covered the funnel with tons of special glue to stick to your mouth, no matter how hard you tug on it. Don't worry, it'll dissolve in your saliva after fifteen minutes or so, but before that happens, I'd like to ask you a question: Did you happen to steal any milk from my home to go with your Oreos?"

	Instead of answering the question, Maylow quickly leaned forward and attempted to break away, only to be thwarted and fall back onto the couch. To his horror, the fox noticed that Zero was sitting on his tail, preventing any escape. With a sly smirk, the green skunk wiggled closer and placed his flabby thigh on the fox's lap, pinning him down even further. "Why are you leaving? Don't tell me you forgot to steal the milk and are now trying to get some! Don't worry, my little fox friend, I've got you covered… well, literally and metaphorically," he chuckled, teasingly patting Maylow's head as he turned to the window, seeing Sheero's head poking through it. "Let's give our friend what he wants, shall we?"

	"R-right away, sir!" the zoroark nodded, throwing up a small salute to his boss while quickly mouthing the words "I'm sorry" to Maylow. Disappearing from the window, Sheero quickly walked over to a massive invisible tank and turned it on, the sound of pressurized liquid flowing through the liquid filling the air.

	Seeing as how he was in quite the dire situation, Maylow tried his best to talk or scream, his voice completely inaudible due to the hose. Soon, any further objections from the vulpine assassin were cut short as sweet, creamy liquid filled his maw. Caught by surprise from the sudden gush, Maylow quickly swallowed the thick milk, only to have his mouth quickly fill up with even more.

	"Heheh, I take it you like the stuff?" Zero teased as he enthusiastically patted his rival's back, causing the fox to nearly gag on the cream. "I'm glad to hear it! Of course, I had to buy the cheapest milk they had, seeing as how 50 tons of any liquid is pretty expensive, but I'm sure it's more than tasty for someone like you," he teased, grinning as he watched Maylow's eyes widen dramatically.

	Despite having been in several life-threatening situations before, the fox had never found himself in a stickier predicament than he was in now. There was no way he could eat 50 tons of the milk in one sitting; he was already starting to feel full now, as evident by his visibly-distended stomach. Taking a few deep breaths with his nose, Maylow tried to remain calm in order to figure out a way to escape, ignoring the ever-increasing tightening feeling in his shirt. The funnel was too big and strong for the fox to close his mouth over it, and blocking the flow of liquid with his tongue was out of the option, seeing as how most mammals need their tongue to swallow copious amounts without choking. For the moment, Maylow was completely stuck as he sucked away at the hose, somewhat grateful that the cream at least washed away the nasty taste of the glue. Unfortunately for the fox, it was rather difficult to think of any escape plans as he watched the cream do its damage on his body.

	Upon looking down, Maylow noticed his shirt start to ride up over his potbelly, revealing a deep-set innie bellybutton surrounded be several extra inches of fox flab. With every gulp he took, the captive notice his stomach grow a little larger, like someone blowing into a balloon. Rounder and rounder it grew, stretch marks appearing along his gut as he swallowed the creamy substance against his will. With no other option, Maylow's stomach suddenly kicked into overdrive, quickly metabolizing the stream of cream into pure lard like it's life depended on it (which it did).

	And with that, Maylow's luck suddenly turned from bad to worse, the fox horrified to watch his svelte body overtaken by layers of fat. His strong arms slowly lost their definition as the adipose covered up his muscles, the sleeves of his shirt growing increasingly tight. A similar situation was happening with his legs, his pants straining to keep the abundance of fox in check, yet failing to prevent his thighs from brushing against each other. Even his angular jaw began to grow rounder with extra chub, with a double chin starting to form underneath his muzzle. It didn't help matters much that Zero was finding the sudden weight gain downright hilarious, the portly skunk laughing his head off as he prodded the poor fox's soft belly. "Ahahaha! Looks like you should start an excersize regime, Maylow. You're starting to become quite the porker!" he teased, even going so far as to reach his paw underneath his captive and giving a light squeeze to squishy rump. 

	His chubby cheeks glowing red hot from embarrassment, Maylow redoubled his efforts to come up with a plan to escape, but any coherent thoughts he could form were quickly buried as if his brain was also filling up with cream. Instead, the only thing the fattening fox could think about was how much trouble he was going to be in once this ordeal was over. At his current weight, it would take weeks or maybe even months to shed off the hundreds of pounds of blubber in his body. Every gulp he took was another day's worth of excersize he would need in order to return back to size, but even the concept of slimming down began to feel farfetched as his weight piled on. His flabby grey stomach was now completely exposed, warping itself around Zero's thigh as it forced his shirt to ride up to his doughy man boobs. His pants fared no better as they began ripping apart at the seams, allowing little tufts of fur and fat to seep out. 

	Assuming that he didn't need his leg to pin the obese fox down, Zero lifted his leg off of Maylow and scooted away give his captive's love handles more room to grow. With the removal of the skunk's thigh, the tubby assassin quickly stood upright to lunge for his knife. Even with his strong body, however, he didn't take into account just how cumbersome his flab truly was. Due to how sudden his movements were, Maylow's flabby body wobbled back and forth violently, constantly changing his center of gravity around. To make matters worse, his pants were still clinging tightly to his broad legs, restricting their movement even further. Unable to maintain balance, the voluptuous vulpine quickly fell back onto the couch, his porcine rear shattering the legs of the seat while simultaneously ripping off the remainder of his pants. For the first time in his life, Maylow had to give credit to Zero for carrying his weight so well, seeing as how they were both the same size now; however, unlike Zero, the fox was currently pantsless, with his shirt struggling to stay on his upper body.

	As the seconds toiled on, Maylow listened to his clothing rip and tear away, his flab quickly filling up the holes the fabric made. With a particularly large gulp, the fox breathed a sigh of relief as the remainder of his shirt exploded before his eyes, his abundant mass quickly spreading out as the remains of the garment lay strewn across his thick folds, giving his giant stomach the appearance of a strange patchwork quilt. Even Zero was starting to feel overwhelmed from the expanding fox as he pushed at the advancing wall of flab before hoping out of the couch before he was pinned. The vacancy was quickly filled up as the edges of Maylow's massive rear squeezed the armrests, keeping him wedged in place.

	The corpulent fox inwardly sighed as he gazed upon his flesh, coming to terms with his permanent obesity. His furnace-sized stomach draped over his massive thighs and rested on his feet. His love handles poured over the armrests of the couch while his cylinder arms remained glued to his sides, far too heavy to lift. In fact, the only movement he could manage was wiggling his big toe, which, while miniscule, allowed him to scratch an itch forming on the underside of his gut. That simple action also caused minute ripples to spread across his massive body, resonating again and again like a perpetual wave. With his body so generously plump, Maylow leaned his bloated head into his neck fat and relaxed, his chins spreading out as he did so. Surely, there couldn't be much more cream for him to drink.

	Except that there was. Much more, in fact.

	"Hey, Sheero! Turn it up a few notches, will ya? Our guest is starting to fall asleep!" 

	Zero's voice alone caused Maylow to tense up as he looked at the skunk with fear, his neck too bloated to turn. Desperate to end the feeding, he shouted and mumbled as loud as he could, but the funnel prevented anything from escaping his maw, only entering it. In an instant, the blobbish fox was struck full force by a wave of the milk, his throat working overtime to swallow it all. As soon as the dreaded dairy products reached his stomach, the weight gain redoubled, forcing poor Maylow to watch his destroyed figure ruin itself even further. He watched his stomach blimp out in front of him, hastily edging towards to the T.V while his butt pushed the couch away, finally giving his tail some fresh air before being overtaken by his advancing back folds. It wasn't long before Maylow was starting to have trouble just looking at himself once his pudgy cheeks began to press against his pig-like muzzle, restricting vision of his lower body. Even so, that didn't prevent the fox from feeling the edge of his belly knock over the T.V standing, sending the electrical appliance falling onto his gut.

	Watching his nemesis swell into a shapeless fox only fueled Zero's lust for revenge as he climbed on the several rolls of fox flab, using the folds as pawholds while enjoying the view. The floor was hastily covered up by the sea of fat, Maylow's furry body looking like a mound of grey carpet. Higher and higher the fox grew, the room filling up with blubber as if the fox were a never-ending liquid being poured into a container. Any notable features of Maylow's past body, such as his tails, arms, and legs, were swallowed up the an avalanche of flab instead. Not even the walls of the house could bear the burden of containing so much fox, the edges of which were starting to bend outwards cartoonishly. Maylow knew he was certainly in trouble when he started to feel the roof press against his hair, followed by his head, then the rest of his formless body. As the pressure grew, the fox's head started to sink into his bloated mass, burying him in his own flab, save for the tip of his nose. Meanwhile, the walls continued to bulge outwards, grey rolls forcing their way out of any orifice they could find, including windows, doors, and cracks in the wall. 

	Just when he thought he couldn't handle it anymore, a loud cracking noise suddenly resounded in Maylow's head, followed by an immense release as the pressure building up inside him started to diminish. Opening his eyes, the elephantine fox could tell something was seriously wrong. Even with the majority of his vision obscured by his puffy cheeks, he could see a light above him, with streaks of white floating here and there. The sky.

	Sure enough, Maylow had practically busted out of his home, the humongous fox wearing his roof like an oversized hat. Despite the pump finally dispensing the last of its fluids into his maw, he could tell the damage was still continuing as he heard his walls continue to groan and creak, struggling to hold the fox in place as his flab spilled out over them, as if he were a cupcake too big to fit in its tin. 

	There was no use in trying to reclaim his former body. Maylow knew this all too well as he felt his endless mass jostle and ripple. With moobs the size of couches, limbs legs fatter than any vehicle, and a belly and rump large to house a family of 10, it's a marvel that the fox was even skinny to begin with. Even Zero, one of the fattest furs Maylow knew, looked like a mere green spec on top of the mass of grey and red. 

	Speaking of Zero, the chubby skunk chuckled to himself as he climbed over to the fox's tubby head as if the property damage he caused was all a part of a game. "Heheh, why the long face, foxy? I thought fatties were supposed to be jolly," he chortled as he lay on Maylow's humongous fat cheek as if it were a waterbed. 

	Just being in the presence of the aggravating skunk caused Maylow's chubby ears to flare up in indignation. With the hose finally dried up, his mind was free to think clearly, although his head was filled with gruesome imagery of Zero being tortured in oh so many ways. As the imagery grew more and more grotesque, the fox's head turned a bright shade of red, appearing as if it were the cherry atop of an absolutely humongous sundae. Just before the blob fox truly exploded in anger, the funnel suddenly popped out of his maw, allowing him to say what he had been meaning to say the entire time. "I didn't take your goddamned Oreos, you fat piece of shit!!"

	Startled by the force of the shout, as well as the jiggling motions it caused, Zero squeaked and rolled onto his side, accidently burying himself in Maylow's neck rolls. Wiggling his way back on top, the smaller skunk poked his head out and frowned. "Wha..? What do you mean you didn't take my Oreos?"

	"Exactly that!" Maylow shouted, taking a moment to catch his breath. With tons upon tons of flab piling up his esophagus, shouting was quite difficult for the shapeless vulpine; however, with his voice back, he wasn't going to let his weight get in the way of telling the skunk off. "I've never even came close to your house these past few days! Besides, I hate golden birthday-cake Oreos. I prefer the mint ones personally." 

	Unable to comprehend what he was hearing, Zero pulled himself out of the sea of grey and frowned, scratching his head in a confused manner. "But… that doesn't make since. No one else could have gotten in my house, and there was even a strand of red hair in my cupboard. It couldn't be anyone else but you… unless…"

	And at that moment, Zero finally discovered the mystery to his disappearing Oreos as he noticed none other than Sheero facing away from two thieves, the red-haired zoroark sitting on the edge of Maylow's belly as he nibbled on the sugary yellow cookies.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18985716/