I meant to get this out a few days ago, but I ended up getting sidetracked with, uh, Halloween :v Well that and homework of course, lol. 

This started off as a silly speedwrite idea that I got from  fatglaz 's twitter drawing, but it ended up spiraling out of control, heh. Featuring  booknut 's character Adam as he fearfully delivers his last set of pizzas for the night. He's afraid of getting eaten, as is the fate of every delivery boy in any fatfur/vore media, but little does he know that Glaz has something else in store for him~

Featuring lil cameos from  psychicthehedgehog  acheron277 and yours truly <3

I hope you all enjoy!



It was Halloween night, and Adam was terrified. 

	The scrawny teenage fox gripped the steering wheel tightly until the whites of his knuckles shown through. The speed limit in the neighborhood was 25 MPH, yet Adam drove at half that speed, not out of cautiousness but simply to buy himself a little more time. A wise decision on his part, for his tunnel vision was so severe, he barely noticed the various young furs dressed up in silly Halloween costumes milling about on the road and sidewalk. 

	It was Halloween night, and Adam was terrified. 

	Not because it was Halloween, oh no. The vulpine was quite accustomed to the ‘spooky’ holiday of fake spiderwebs, hanging skeletons, and creepy jack o’ lanterns. In fact, just last week, he had watched Coraline at least three times just to get into the spirit of the holiday. Were he not too busy warding off a sudden panic attack, the fox would probably be enjoying the adorable decorations all around this small neighborhood. 

	It was Halloween night, and Adam was terrified. Terrified of delivering a car full of pizza, terrified of seeing the customer, and, worst of all, terrified of being eaten alive! 

	The fox shuddered just thinking about it, his sweaty palms greasing the wheel. Everyone knew the fate of the poor saps who worked delivery on Halloween! Dozens of underpaid workers have vanished this way, all sent out to deliver tons of fattening ‘zas to extremely gluttonous customers, who ‘tip’ the driver by delivering them into their oversized stomachs! Newspapers around the globe have reported the missing furs, ironically while also documenting a local fur’s record-breaking overnight weight gain. It was becoming quite the epidemic, so much so that most companies made it mandatory for their delivery boys to wear a tracking device on them at all times. Unfortunately, that didn’t stop the disappearances; most tracking devices either malfunctioned or wound up in the sewers. 

	It was Halloween night, and Adam was terrified. 

	The poor fox shivered as his GPS announced his arrival, his heart and car coming to a stop at nearly the exact same time. He could barely even unfasten his seatbelt properly with how shakey his paws were. Adam was tempted to just leave the car full of pizza in the driveway and make a break for it, but he knew he risked getting fired for doing that. If he was gonna go down, he was gonna go down like any other proud delivery boy: with cheese and ranch dressing. Besides, this was supposed to be his last stop for the day, after which he was free to go straight home. 

	Adam shakily stepped out of the car, his teeth chattering as he stepped over to the passenger's side. There, he was met with a towering stack of warm pizzas, all of which were an extra-large meat lover’s deluxe, according to their labels. On top of that, there were several bags of Buffalo wings, breadsticks, and two-liters of Coke. It would have taken a bodybuilder to carry such a massive assortment of food, yet Adam somehow managed to heave the entire collection in one go. Never underestimate the power of an adrenaline-fueled teenager. 

	The poor fox could barely be seen past the leaning tower of pizza he carried, however, and had to use his peripheral vision to help him navigate his way to the front door. His arms ached as he struggled to balance everything, his legs wobbling. All instincts told him to drop the goods and run, but Adam stubbornly refused to give in. “I-it could just be a party,” he kept telling himself. “A very, very big party, with lots and lots of people. There’s no way...this is all...for one person…” 

	He gulped, so lost in his own thoughts that he nearly walked right into the front door. This was it. Adam’s heart pounded in his chest as he shakily knocked on the tall wooden door, his tail curled up around his legs. “Just a party...just a party…” He tried to gulp, but his mouth was bone dry.

	*Thump...Thump...Thump…*

	Oh no… Adam’s ears folded back. Those were some suspiciously heavy footsteps! The fox tried desperately to think of a reason for why that could be, but he came up blank. “Just a party...just a-” 

	The door opened up, and Adam nearly cried out in terror. It was not a party. 

	Even with the pizzas blocking his vision, Adam could still see an enormous cream-colored gut spilling through the doorway. The fox felt himself growing faint; that belly was enormous! It hung inches, literally inches off the ground, and was no doubt large enough to fit not just the entirety of the food, but Adam as well, several times over! In his nervousness, he had almost forgotten to read out loud the order. He cleared his throat, his tiny voice barely heard. “E-erh…t-twenty two large pizzas, th-thirty wings, a-and eight two-liters f-for a Mr. Glaz Fo-” 

	“Oh hey, pizza’s here!” He heard a booming cry out. Two meaty arms slid next to Adam’s beneath the tower of pizza and swiped it away, so quickly that the small fox was nearly carried away with them! With the pizzas out of the way, Adam got a much better view of his customer, his jaw dropping to the floor. 

	Forget fat, this Glaz guy was enormous, in practically every sense of the word! He more than doubled Adam’s height, filling out the doorway so much his belly folded and creased against both edges. The delivery boy had never seen a fox like this before - if this guy even was a fox and not some sort of blob-like monster from a Halloween movie! The towering vulpine had grassy-green fur, a mop of darker green hair with bangs that nearly covered his eyes, and sporting two waving tails, each of which were longer than Adam was tall! Honestly, the delivery boy had no idea how Glaz managed to actually reach the doorknob with so much girth in the way, let alone find the strength to carry himself over to the doorway, although it wasn’t much of a stretch to assume the enormous fox possessed some sort of unnatural strength. He was carrying that entire order on one broad shoulder like it was nothing, after all. 

	Adam slunk back, his knees still wobbling. Even after he was alleviated from the pizzas, he couldn’t find the strength to make a break for it. His legs felt like heavy lead in the presence of this enormous fox, leaving him helpless to stare at the tremendous stomach that could easily fit him and still have room! Adam’s ears folded, imagining himself hardly making a dent in such an enormous middle. His fears only intensified as he slowly looked up to find Glaz’s ravenous stare suddenly fixated on him! “Oh, how rude of me. I didn’t tip you yet, did I?” 

	Adam’s lip trembled, and Glaz’s smile widened. The smaller vulpine knew the larger fox was enjoying this far more than he should, practically feeding off of his fear. The delivery boy took a step back. “I-i-iit’s fine, y-you paid online, so-”

	A big green arm swept out and hooked around Adam’s back, his yelp muffled by the fluffy wall of blubber he was suddenly pressed against. His eyes were wide; this fatty was so fast, he had no time to react! He pushed and pawed, but it was no use, his limbs would just get swallowed up in that impossibly thick stomach! Adam looked up to see Glaz’s dimpled grin had grown, staring down at him with wide, red eyes that seemed to glow. “Call me old fashioned, but I prefer giving tips in person,” he growled, licking his chops slowly, his tongue running over those sharp, white canines. Adam trembled to the point of jostling the fox’s giant gut. This guy practically radiated greed, avarice, and gluttony all in one! Hearing that stomach gurgle hungrily right into his ear made the poor teen feel ready to pass out. 

	It was Halloween night, and Adam was terri-

	“Oy, Glaz! Quit teasing the kid already! Hurry your fatass up so we can continue the game!” 

	Glaz sighed and pinched his brows, a look of extreme annoyance crossing his face. “I just can’t have fun around you guys, can I?” He huffed, turning to shout at the other voice. 

	As Glaz turned, Adam was forced to turn with him, having to take several large steps to properly circumnavigate the large fox. Looking inside the large house, Adam’s eyes widened once again in disbelief. 

	It as a party after all! Situated at the far end of the wall was a booth literally built into the wall. A massive booth at that, but that was to be expected, given the size of the furs who were sitting in it. The three other enormous furs: a draolf with a lap-filling belly, a sergal with a grease-stained shirt, and a dragon with a chair-crushing rear, all casually waved at the frightened fox, their paws full of potato chips and playing cards. 

	He must have looked quite pathetic, for he could hear Glaz chuckling, wobbling his great gut. “Heh, sorry about the scare, kid. Just wanted to mess with ya a bit. You looked so scared when I opened the door, I just couldn’t help myself.” The green fox giggled, that menacing aura suddenly fading. “Hey, wanna join us for a few games? We could use a fifth player, just as long as you don’t team up behind my back, like Denya and Matt have been doing all night,” he scowled at the draolf and sergal respectively, who stuck their tongues out. 

	“U-uh, well…” Adam stammered. The other three fatties looked harmless enough; their guts were luckily only large enough to fit him one time over. Besides, glancing back outside, the small fox noticed there was nobody outside; if Glaz had actually wanted to eat him, he could have done it now, with no witnesses. With a shrug, Adam finally relented. “I-I suppose I can stay for a while.” 

	Glaz’s eyes literally lit up. “Great! We’re almost finished with our game too. Go ahead and slide in and I’ll deal you in when we’re done. You’ve played Red Dragon Inn before, right?” 

	Adam nodded as he climbed into the booth. Sheesh, this seat was big, he could barely reach his feet to the ground unless he sat at the very end. “Y-yeah, it’s one of my favorites actually,” he muttered, sliding as far down as he could without bumping hips against the wide dragon. 

	Even with four massive fatties (and one tiny Adam), there was plenty of room for all of them to fit without brushing against each other, yet Glaz slid in until his love handles brushed against the smaller fox, causing him to shudder slightly. He couldn’t help it, his heart was still racing after thinking he was about to be eaten just a few short seconds ago! He tried scooting away, but Glaz was too quick, pulling the smaller fox back with a beefy arm. “Don’t be so tense, bud. I was just teasing ya back there, I promise. You’re totally safe here,” he purred, draping the delivery boy in his tails; one resting on his lap, the other across his back. 

	The sergal named Matt chuckled. “For real. Glaz may look big and scary, but he’s really just a giant softy. If you’re gonna be scared of  anyone, it should be Psychic. He’ll sit on you if you don’t let him win.” 

	“One time! I made that joke one time! How long are you gonna hold that over me!” The dragon scowled, crossing his scaly white arms over his doughy chest. 

	Truthfully, Adam wasn’t even paying attention to their bickering. He was completely lost in the green fox’s softness, his side squishing heavily into that cream-colored gut. All the tension in his body melted away, his rigid posture slowly relaxing, leaning further into Glaz’s side. Matt wasn’t kidding, this fox was a big softy, in more ways than one! It was like cuddling a massive teddy bear stuffed with Jell-O, only ten times as relaxing. Glaz hummed softly, the reverberation traveling through his belly into the smaller fox’s ear. “Cozy?”

	“Y-yeah,” Adam nodded. He found himself relaxing with every breath, hearing the big fox’s deep breathing through that voluminous gut. That part of him screaming to make a break for and escape died out bit by bit, replaced with the need to give that waterbed of a belly the biggest hug he could muster. For now, however, he carefully patted the chubby tail draped across his lap, his own tail wagging softly. 

	“Good,” Glaz smirked, patting the smaller vulpine’s head. “Busy night tonight, huh? Halloween is pretty busy for deliveries.” 

	“Yeah,” Adam repeated, more confidently this time. He didn’t want to leave this spot for the life of him, even if a fire suddenly broke out. The little fox murred softly as that paw migrated to the back of his head, scritching gently behind his fluffy ears. He squeezed himself into Glaz’s side, smiling as he felt the warm chub wash over the side of his muzzle. 

	Glaz fortunately didn’t seem to mind; if anything, he smiled wider. “Must be tiring, carrying all that food around to us fatties.” He reached over to the tower of pizza boxes, bringing an enormous slice over to the smaller fox’s muzzle. “Why not sample your own supply for a bit? You deserve it.”

	Adam bit down on the pizza. He didn’t know why, didn’t even think before doing it. He wasn’t hungry in the slightest, yet he took large greedy bites out of the slice until all that remained was the grease on his muzzle. God, that was the single greatest slice of pizza he had ever had! How had he not noticed how good this pizza was when he worked there?! 

	Soon, another slice was presented to him, and Adam devoured it just as quickly. He was in heaven, laying against the pillow fox, practically engulfed in pure blubbery softness while one paw fed him pizza while the other brushed his ears. Each slice tasted better than the last, the little fox devouring them as quickly as Glaz fed him, until he had finished off an entire box on his own! The blubbery fox cooed, his tails rubbing against his middle. “Very nice, lil’ guy. You’ve got quite the appetite, huh? Don’t worry, there’s plenty more where that came from. You just need to relax and eat” His voice was so deep and smooth, practically melting out of his maw, and consequently melting Adam to do as he said. 

	More and more pizzas came, none of them standing a chance to Adam’s appetite. He saw the other fatties occasionally glance towards him while playing, smirking as if they knew something he didn’t. Who cared what they thought, they weren’t the ones being hand fed pizza by the fattest, snuggliest fox he had ever seen! Looking up past the rolling folds and cascading chins, Adam could see Glaz smiling warmly down at him, those red eyes shining. “There, doesn’t that feel good? Eating as much as your stomach can hold, and then some? You were looking so painfully thin when you first came here, now look at you.” 

	Those words flowed through Adam’s ear and traveled directly to his brain, where they resonated back and forth. He felt something stirred within him: a primal hunger he hadn’t known before. His stomach growled loudly, and for the first time he noticed his shirt was starting to lift up, revealing a small, creamy potbelly. The normally-trim fox would have been horrified at seeing himself gain weight in real time, yet he couldn’t help but grin at the sight. He was ecstatic, not just in pleasing Glaz, but for looking less scrawny! 

	He was rewarded with yet another slice, this one rolled up into a cylinder. Adam practically inhaled it in one bite, sighing at how filling it was. He wrapped his arms around Glaz’s middle, unable to reach a quarter around that circumference, and continued to eat. WIth his slices now being rolled up,  Adam was able to chow through the pizza at an astonishing rate, clearing out box after box in record time. Even the other fatties took note. 

	“Wooah, easy there, kid. Save some for the rest of us,” the draolf named Denya chuckled, snagging a slice for himself. 

	Glaz just chuckled. “Don’t listen to them. Feel free to eat as much as you want. You’re absolutely famished, aren’t you?” The fat fox spoke cooly. 

	Oh, indeed he was! Adam’s stomach grumbled even as a slice was practically crammed into his maw. He was starving, even as his stomach spilled forward onto his lap, his shirt lifting up to reveal his broadened back. He couldn’t stop eating, even as he felt a second chin start to form beneath his muzzle that wobbled every time he opened his maw, or his pants digging tightly into his rear. 

	He was so engrossed with his food, he nearly bit Glaz’s finger when the bigger fox finally came up empty. “Easy there, big guy. There’s no more food left. You ate it all,” the massive vulpine purred, particularly with those last words. 

	“I-I did?” Adam blinked, as if coming out of a trance. With a blush, he slowly looked down at himself, gripping the sides of his newly formed gut. In what felt like mere minutes, he had went from rail thin to downright pudgy, his medium-sized shirt now barely covering the helm of his soft moobs. His thighs felt like packed dough in his tight jeans, moving them an inch would no doubt create some rips and tears. His arms had upgraded from twigs to hams, thick and hanging with supple adipose. It was quite the transformation he underwent, one that made the fox’s tail wag. 

	From across the table, Denya let out a low whistle. “Damn, dude. I only got to eat like one or two of those pizzas. You were killing them!” 

	Matt the sergal chuckled. “I should have been faster. I didn’t know you were competitive eater, shorty!” 

	Beside Adam, the dragon grinned. “I couldn’t even focus on the game; I was too busy watching the kid eat everything! Seriously, Glaz, you picked a natural!” 

	Adam blushed from the praise, his golf ball cheeks turning a few shades redder. He certainly looked like a glutton; it was gonna be much harder fitting into his car now, no doubt. He may not have been truly massive like the other four butterballs, but to the rest of his co-workers, he’d definitely be known as the fat one now. Hell, he’d probably have trouble fitting into a regular booth at this point, a thought that made him feel strangely giddy. 

	Glaz seemed to pick up on that, for he squeezed the lil fatty closer into him, grabbing a pawful of Adam’s exposed midriff. “I really did, didn’t I? In fact, I bet our friend could probably keep eating if we let him.” 

	Adam blinked, looking up at the obese fox with wide eyes. “R-really? I could?” 

	“Absolutely!” The foxes locked eyes once again, Glaz’s glowing brighter by the second. “This is just the start. You don’t think you’ve finished gaining now, have you? Oh no, not by a long shot!” The larger fox grabbed Adam’s paws, pressing them into the delivery boy’s pudgy creaming paunch, making the young vulpine feel his own pudge. “Don’t you want to feel the thrill of stuffing yourself to the very brink, to feel yourself grow heavier by the pound? Imagine if you kept eating further, filling out this booth until your gut pressed against the table!” 

With Adam’s paws in hand, Glaz slowly pulled away, holding out his chubby mitts further and further, pretending that Adam’s belly was swelling along with it. “You could be so much bigger, so much heavier. If you think you’re fat now, imagine feeling yourself shaking and wobbling just from scratching at an itch, or feeling the ground shake with every lumbering waddle. Can you picture yourself squeezing through a restaurant’s front door, and looking at the horrified workers when you demand ten of everything? What can anyone do to stop you either? You’d be too heavy for anyone to move! In fact-”

Ding Dong!

The doorbell cut out the looming fox, who sighed and pressed his palm into his forehead. “Every goddamned time… Hey Denya, can you handle this one?” 

The draolf smirked. “Sure thing, Glaz. About time, I’m freaking starving,” he growled as he slid out from the table, licking his chops. 

Adam watched as the tubby hybrid strutted off, noting how confidently the draolf moved. He pictured himself at that size, waddling his way through crowds, having furs forced to move out of the way of his tremendous gut. Having been such a shy twig for so long, the thought of having some presence was actually...reassuring. 

So much so, that his stomach started rumbling, asking for seconds. 

Glaz beamed and squeezed the small fox, his two tails wagging. “Music to my ears. You’re gonna go far, kid. You’re surrounded by fatties, so go all out! Who knows, you just might end up as soft as me!” 

That brought about a sharp twinge in the small fox’s mind! Suddenly, all he could think about was food. Food, and growing. Nothing mattered to him anymore, not even pleasing the gluttonous blob radiating hedonism next to him; all he wanted was to be the biggest, fattest fox he could be! 

When Denya slowly waddled back carrying armfuls of Chinese food, Adam didn’t question why the draolf’s stomach had suddenly doubled in size; his sole attention was on the food. He lunged for the greasy bags of orange chicken and fried rice, shoveling what he could into his wide open maw. Denya gasped, Matt blinked, and Psychic laughed at the sudden spurt of gluttony, but Glaz simply laughed and patted the young fox’s back. “Atta boy!” 

Adam barely even tasted whatever entered his maw, he just knew it was greasy, fattening, and full of calories. His shirt tore along the back, the rip growing wider along with his fattening back. Those skin tight jeans of his started to fall apart as well, lumps of fatty flesh squeezing through the widening holes in the material as eat bite Adam took brought them closer to total destruction. His cheeks grew puffier, his chins thicker, but the crowning jewel of them all was the fox’s magnificent stomach. The basketball-sized paunch swiftly ballooned into a beachball of blubber, with no sign of slowing down. What really made it spectacular was how it never grew out round and taunt, only saggy and squishy, a true ball of fur and flab. 

Adam smiled to himself. He was getting so fat, so quickly, and it was all thanks to Glaz. He quickly shot the larger fox an appreciative glance, and murred when he was rewarded with a gentle pat on his wobbling stomach. Glaz’s two tails snaked their way around him, one draped across his broadening shoulders, the other wrapped around his waist like a belt, occasionally giving it a testing squeeze. “Doing good, but you could do so much better.” Glaz would tease, his voice dripping with pleasure. 

Words like those were what kept the fox from losing his appetite, even as he ate meals for dozens of furs in mere minutes. Adam wouldn’t stop, couldn’t stop, even as the food changed from Chinese to Mexican. Occasionally he’d hear the sound of the doorbell ring and watch the other fatties answer the door, only to come back with suspiciously larger stomachs, but he paid them no mind. He just cared about the food they carried, and they were more than happy to let the fox glut himself with it. 

Soon, the three other furs gave up playing their game entirely, instead choosing to focus on the more entertaining object in the room. 

“Holy cow, look at him go! His clothes are torn to shreds, yet all he cares is stuffing himself!” 

“No kidding. He’s like a balloon, the way he’s swelling up. There’s no needles nearby, are there?” 

“Pssh, that’s all flab he’s packing on. Look at those softball cheeks! Betcha five bucks he loses his neck in the next two minutes.” 

“Hard to believe there’s a delivery boy under all this,” Psychic chuckled, groping the fox’s squishy sides. 

Adam took that as a compliment, reveling at how much of the dragon’s paw his folds swallowed up. HIs tail wagged as much as it could between his plump cheeks, and he pushed on, eating more...and more...and more...and more…

Until there was nothing left to eat. 

Adam blinked, desperately overturning mountains of wrappers in search of something to eat, but was met with a barren wasteland of plastic. He tried letting out a sigh of disappointment, but what came out of his mouth was a monsterous belch that sent the wrappers flying off the table! With the influx of food finally gone, the fox was overcame with an incredible feeling of fullness. Fullness, and satisfaction. 

Adam groaned and leaned back in the booth, rubbing at what he could reach of his belly. Good God, he was huge! He’d more than tripled his original weight, with most of that bulk subsiding in his incredible belly. He grinned down at himself, murring as he felt his three sagging chins bunch up against each other. Even when sitting back, his incredible gut pressed against the table, the creamy mass spilling past his knees. Size wise, he was rivaling the other fatties in the booth, his hips now pressed against both Glaz and Psychic! His arms thick and ladened with fat, now a little sore from having spent the greater part of the evening stuffing himself. His legs were bloated sausages, with thighs that would no doubt be rubbing against each other until the end of time. He was huge. 

Glaz purred proudly at the sight, his paws roaming around that expansive middle. “Look at you, clearing out enough food to satisfy those three fatsos in one go. Can’t say I’m not proud!” 

The little fox blushed at the praise, squirming in his seat until his belly sloshed. “Yeah...I mean. Thanks, Glaz. I didn’t think I’d get so...huge. And in one evening too! Just imagine how big I’m gonna get in a week, or a month! I’ll be so massive I’ll-”

He was interrupted by the sound of laughing. 

The sergal across from him snickered rudely. “Heheh, poor kid thinks he’s gonna keep growing.” 

“W-what?” Adam blinked, confused. Of course he was gonna keep growing! He wanted nothing more than to smother all four of them beneath his girth. He looked up at Glaz, who smiled warmly back at him, arms embracing the smaller fox’s incredible paunch. “You’re certainly big, that’s for sure. Big, plump, and juicy,” the green fox’s grin turned into a toothy smirk, his grip tightening. 

Adam was confused. For some odd reason, Glaz’s embrace was starting to feel a little less comforting. Then, with a yelp, he felt the other fox’s arms dig deep into his middle, before lifting off the ground. Adam couldn’t believe it; he was being lifted off the seat! 

	Denya whistled. “Sheesh, Glaz, it took ya long enough. You really like ‘em big, dontcha?” 

	Adam squealed like a pig, a rather fitting comparison. “W-what?!” He squirmed, but his thick arms were wedged against his sides. He was stuck, wrapped up in his own blubber like a beefy five-layer burrito. He tried desperately to squirm and wiggle his way free, but to no use. The other fatties didn’t help either, simply cheering Glaz on as if he were performing a fun party trick for them. 

	Speaking of Glaz, the enormous fox was unrecognizable from the kind and cuddly softie he was earlier! His grin was vicious, his maw drooling, his eyes glowing dangeorusly, all three of them! Glaz’s bangs had parted, revealing a third eye planted on his forehead: black, with yellow pupils that paralyzed Adam with fear. 

	“Farewell, kiddo. You were a ton of fun!” The fox purred before opening his maw wide, wide, and wider! It extended farther than any maw should, leading into a cavernous hole like some legendary door. A one way door at that. Adam was helpless as he slowly approached that all-consuming void, now suddenly quite realizing that intense hunger greed he felt earlier wasn’t actually his own. It was Glaz’s that simply radiated onto himself. 

	It was Halloween night, and Adam was terrified.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33694266/