Sick of my uploads yet? :p

I still have a ton more, but I think I'm gonna end it with this one. It started out as a silly prompt to get me writing again, but it ended up being way too much fun to put down. I had to give it an impromptu end because Zane kept begging me to take him swimming :p

Please enjoy this 5k speedwrite I wrote with  blkdragon and myself on our usual fatty macro schenanigans. Some problems arise, however. It can't be because of  berylium  no not at all >.>



	There was an event in town today. 

	Beryl didn’t know much else. It was hard to tell exactly what kind of event it was, only that it had to be a big one, considering entire streets were blocked off. Even the sidewalks were sectioned off from pedestrians, which only added to the blue and white demon’s confusion as he stood by the bright yellow barricades. It clearly wasn’t a parade if people weren’t even allowed on the sidewalk. 

	The demon walked along the long barricades, trying to map them out in his head. What what he could see, this event was taking place in the most crowded part of downtown, next to the tallest buildings as well. Was a famous band about to drive through here and they didn’t want people to notice? If so, why call it an event? Did a narcissistic billionaire rent out this entire section of the city just as a show of power? Beryl wasn't the only one with these thoughts as he encountered hundreds of other furs leaning against the railing, theorizing among themselves as to the purpose of this “event.” Some conjectures went as ridiculous as secret government testing, and while Beryl knew better than to believe something like that, he had to admit all this speculation stirred his curiosity further. 

	He was considering leaping over the barricade himself, consequences be damned, when he felt a slight tremor. It was very faint at first, so much so that he figured he was the only one to notice it, as the other furs around him continued to speak. Soon a second tremor could be felt, followed by a third, this one strong enough to cause quite a stir in the audience. Beryl gripped the yellow barricade until his knuckles turned white. Something huge was happening. And it was coming for them. 

	He was so enraptured, that the demon almost yelped as he heard a voice suddenly appear over speakers. “Attention everyone. Please back away from the barricade. This is for your own safety. I repeat, please back away from the barricade.” Many furs heeded that advice and scurried back, but some others, including Beryl, stayed by the front. At this point, he’d have to be forcibly dragged away to miss out on whatever the hell was going on! His heart nearly leapt from his chest as he saw a massive shadow descend onto the city street. A few minutes later, the demon was fortunate enough to finally see the shadow’s owner, a big grin spreading across his muzzle. 



	“See? This isn’t so bad!” BLK grinned as they walked through town. Secretly, he was mostly reassuring himself with that comment, as most of his strolls through town didn’t end well for him, especially at this size. 

	Standing at over 80 feet tall from foot to horn, BLK was simply massive. He towered over any building that wasn’t a skyscraper, his bright yellow eyes as large as most windows. Despite his brave words earlier, the dragon couldn’t help but feel a little intimidated at seeing his feet larger than most cars. “S-see? Just fine…”

	“You’re not exactly the model of confidence here, B.”

	The dragon sighed and glanced onto his shoulder, where his tiny 4 foot tall friend sat. The scarlet demon gave a toothy grin. “You gotta smile more, dude. Ease up your shoulders a bit, I can practically feel your muscles under them. There’s no one around here for you to hurt, B. It’s just you and Doughboy back there.” 

	BLK wanted to spit back a witty remark but, well, the demon was right. He had no idea how, but, somehow, the imp managed to get the widest lane in the entire city cleared out specifically just for them. There were no cars, no pedestrians, even most of the light posts and street lights were taken down! A massive yellow barricade had been erected around the street as well to make sure no cars or pedestrians made it through, although the drake still spotted several ogling furs hanging by the railing. It was an entire ally just for two enormous furs to stroll down. Maybe if the skyskrapers were a little farther apart and there were less people staring at them, BLK might have actually enjoyed this! 

	However, this wasn’t the time to think about ifs. He had a friend to guide through, after all. 

	BLK looked over his shoulder, remembering to smile this time. “How you holding up back there, Denya?” 

	Denya’s response came in the form of a whimper, and BLK didn’t have to guess why. While not quite as tall as the brown-spotted dragon, Denya was undoubtedly wider. The dragon-wolf hybrid had a big bulging belly that preceded him everywhere it went; heck, BLK swore it looked even bigger after Denya grew into a giant! The hybrid’s broad hips and thighs stood out significantly as well, taking up a sizable portion of the street. Couple that with a chubby neck that made looking around difficult, and BLK could understand fully why his friend was looking quite horrified. Even now, Denya was looking straight down as he waddled throughout the city, as if trying to see through his wobbling gut to his feet, which were undoubtedly creating small craters with every step he took. 

	Eventually, the draolf looked up to BLK, his wings trembling nervously. “A-am I doing alright? T-this is my first time...uh, being huge...but, like, in this way… Do you have any tips?” 

	From his shoulder, BLK could hear his roommate snicker. “Yeah, you should start eating salads.”

	“Shut up, Alan,” the dragon hissed before turning to his friend, once again trying to smile. “E-erh, try to keep your arms to your side. Otherwise, you might punch a hole in a building if you start losing your balance. Try, uh, using your tail more as a counter weight to your…”

	“My gut?”

	“Yeaaaaah.” BLK blushed. He was starting to feel rather embarrassed now for how nervous he was walking through the city at 80 feet. At least he had some experience and was only mildly overweight, Denya was just straight up fat! “You’re doing great, though! Much better than my first few times!”

	Denya folded his ears. “You had to deal with people your first few times!”

	“...Yeaaaaah.” He was right. BLK remembered this street as the same one he had to walk through to find Alan all those months ago. Dealing with not only traffic and pedestrians, but the police as well was more than a little stressful. Just thinking back on it made the dragon brush his claws through his white hair. How many times had he bumped his head that day? “It’s ok, Denya. I promise nothing will happen to you. If anything goes wrong, Alan can quickly shrink us back to normal and we can try again another day.” 

	Denya quickly nodded, although his pace didn’t pick up in the slightest. He was still shuffling his feet forward, unknowingly tearing up the road as he did so. BLK grimaced at the sight, wanting so badly to try to find the right way to comfort his giant friend. Even Alan was looking at him skeptically. “Why did you want to take him with us anyways? I rented out this street just for you, after all.”

	BLK sighed. “I know, and I still really appreciate it, Alan. I just thought that having someone to teach how to be a giant would make me feel a little more confident in myself. And Denya has been asking me to make him macro for a while now to help push him out of his comfort zone a bit.”

	“Why?”

	“I have no idea. Maybe he’s trying to impress someone. His boyfriend and roommate are macros, maybe he just wants to walk a mile in their shoes.”

	“I’d be surprised if he could walk to the fridge without getting winded.” Alan snickered. “He’s nearly as wide as you were after you got addicted to my cooking.”

	“Shut it, Al!” BLK flushed bright red, peering back at the hybrid out of fear. Fortunately, Denya didn’t look like he noticed at all, the tubby draolf currently trying to press his belly inwards in order to see the ground.

	BLK sighed. At this rate, it would take them all day just to make it to the other side of town. He couldn’t remember how long Alan said they had the street for, but he figured it couldn’t be much longer than an hour or two. After all, this was the busiest street in the entire city! “Hey, Denya, I have a suggestion. Why don’t you walk in front and I bring up the rear?” 

	Denya quickly snapped his head up, his green eyes wide with fear. “A-a-are you sure? W-what if I step on something?”

	“You won’t, I promise. There’s nothing on this street at all for you to step on, nothing at all. And if you did break anything, I promise to pay for it out of my own pocket.” Just saying that last sentence made the dragon cringe on the inside. Just how much money has he spent on fixing things he had broken due to his size already? 

	Fortunately, that seemed to ease the draolf’s worries a bit. “A-alright, I’ll give it a try.” With a nervous gulp, he took a larger step forward, and BLK stepped to the side to make room. 

	Soon, however, they ran into a problem: this road wasn’t big enough for two overweight draconians. 

	BLK grunted as the big grey mass of fluff pressed against him, pushing him against the skyscraper behind him. The dragon did his best to hold his ground, knowing that too much pressure on the building would cause irreparable damage, but there was just so much belly. He could see Denya on the other side huffing as he did his best not to cause any damage on the other side either, although his broad and squishy back did a better job of distributing the force on the buildings. “H-hey, BLK, try to suck it in a little.”

	“I-I am!” The dragon blushed. While not quite as broad as Denya, BLK was still rather tubby thanks to his diet being ruined fairly recently. He had been working hard to shed the extra weight, but being reminded that the two of them were too wide for the street was more than a little embarrassing. 

	Alan, however, was enjoying the spectacle quite a bit, the little demon giggling maniacally. “I wonder. Do you think I could jump onto your guts and bounce all the way back onto your shoulder, B?” 

	“I’m gonna push you off in just a sec,” BLK grumbled through gritted teeth. Slowly but surely, they managed to squish and squeeze their malleable chub against each other until the obese hybrid stumbled forward. Panting from the exertion, the dragon quickly inspected the two skyscrapers they were forced to press against. Luckily, there wasn’t any visible damage on the buildings, although he swore the metal looked slightly warped. 

	Alan chuckled again. “This guy is great. We should supersize him more often.”

	“Shut up, Alan.”



	With Denya in the lead, they were able to traverse through town much quicker. BLK made sure to constantly reassure Denya that there was nothing under his feet, allowing the rotund hybrid to waddle freely at his own pace. Gradually, Denya’s uneasiness melted away, his tubby tail starting to wag a little. Eventually, he even turned his thick head around to grin at the dragon. “This is really cool! I feel like I’m a kid stomping through the playground again, but it’s real life! Why don’t you do this more often, B?”

	Alan snickered. “Yeah, B, why don’t you do this more often?” 

	BLK narrowed his eyes. “Because I don’t think the city appreciates having two giants strolling down their busiest street. I still don’t understand how you managed to convince the city council to let you rent out this entire area.” 

	“Oh, I’m not renting it. I just warned them that two giant macros were coming to visit, and if they didn’t get this entire street to themselves, then there might be a few crushed cars and what not.” 

	“W-what?! You blackmailed them?!” BLK’s eyes widened. 

	The little imp chuckled. “You’re jumping to conclusions, B! I told them it’s just a little stroll, and that they could treat it like a little parade for everyone. Maybe if we’re popular enough, we could charge admission or something.”

	The brown-spotted dragon rubbed his forehead in frustration. “It’d be nice if, for once, I could do this on my own volition.” 

	“You mean like right now?” Both Alan and Denya said at the same time, each of them wearing snarky smirks. 

	BLK rolled his eyes. “I don’t appreciate being ganged up like that.” He tried to scowl, but seeing his two friends giggling with each other made the dragon chuckle involuntarily. He really was enjoying this leisurely stroll, even if Denya still moved a little slow for his liking. It was nice not having to worry so much for once, and to actually enjoy the benefits of being so massive. Alan was right, he really did need to smile more often. Enjoy the little things, he had once said, and at their size, everything was a little thing! 

	Denya was certainly following that advice. The tubby draolf was moving so confidently before him, it was almost as if he were made to be massive! Perhaps he was used to being so fat and wide, so knowing how to maneuver despite taking up a lot of space was second nature to him. It’s funny how earlier, the draolf was too afraid to move an inch out of place, but now the hybrid was eagerly pointing his massive arm over a building, narrowly missing a billboard. “Hey, look! I see Pete’s Donuts!”

	BLK looked to where the hybrid was pointing. Sure enough, a few blocks down, there was the aforementioned donut shop, complete with its signature logo. Erect on top of the room was a massive chocolate donut, at least 15 feet in diameter, with the store’s name written on it in pink frosting. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what Denya was thinking, the draolf’s bulbous middle gurgling loudly. Hopefully no one below thought that was thunder. “Erh, you know that’s not actually a giant donut, right? It’s made out of, like, hard plastic or something.” 

	“Yeah, I figured.” The draolf nodded, swallowing back a wave of saliva. “But, like, can you imagine if it was real? Wouldn’t it be great to eat a giant donut as a giant?” 

	BLK had to admit Denya made a great point. He had never considered eating enormous food while being giant; maybe food tasted better huge? It could be his diet playing tricks on him, but the dragon swore he could smell the chocolate icing from that donut all the way from here! He must have looked fairly hungry, for he soon felt Alan poking his neck. “If you really wanna eat giant food, I can always make you super tiny instead, although you probably won’t stay tiny if you kept eating all day.” 

	The dragon huffed. “Let a guy fantasize a little. Nothing wrong with that, right Denya?” He looked over at his chubby companion, only to shriek in terror. The draolf, looking rather dazed, had turned from their path and was stepping over the barricade towards Pete’s Donuts, right over dozens of innocent and screaming furs. “Denya, stop! There’s people there!” 

	Denya blinked once, his expression returning back to normal. Seeing as how he was about to stomp down off their path, the massive hybrid yelped and leapt backwards right in the nick of time. It was a very clumsy lunge, the draolf careening backwards until his back collided heavily with a skyscraper almost twice his size. A sickening crunch could be heard as spiderweb cracks formed around the impact, windows shattering from the shockwave. Screams could be heard from the sidelines as this all transpired, everything happening in slow motion to BLK, who could only watch in horror at the scene unfolding before him. Even Alan gasped at the sight, his paws flinding to his mouth in shock. 

	And then silence. 

	The sudden cracking and screaming soon stopped, replaced with a quieter commotion beneath them. BLK could still hear the building crack and creak, but it looked stable for now. Denya, on the other hand, started groaning as he hauled himself onto his feet, rubbing his back. “Oww...that hurt.” 

	“Are you alright, Denya?” BLK slowly, cautiously stepped forward, his heart pounding in his chest a mile a minute. “What were you thinking? I told you we were supposed to walk down this road only! You could have stepped on someone!” 

	“I-I don’t know,” the hybrid whined, his pointy wolf ears folding back. “I-I was just really hungry all of a sudden, and the donut looked so close...besides, you kept telling me I wouldn’t step on anything!” 

	BLK opened his mouth to respond, only to promptly shut it. The doughy draolf was right. He did say Denya wouldn’t step on anything, although he had hoped Denya knew it also meant staying in line. This guy was not the sharpest tool in the shed. Thinking back on it, BLK also promised he’d pay for any damage they caused as well, a thought that made him and his wallet cry a little on the inside. “It’s...It’s fine. No one got hurt. Alan said he cleared out the buildings as well, just in case something like this happened.”

	“That’s a relief.” Denya sighed. The two macros looked at each other nervously, not quite sure where to take things from there. They would most assuredly be shooed away from the city after that little stunt. BLK didn’t want to end things on a bad note for Denya either; despite his earlier preconceived thoughts about gigantism, he didn’t want the hybrid to assume being huge was all about destruction and chaos. 

	A slightly grumbling sound could be heard, and BLK couldn’t help but crack a smile. “Heh, you’re still hungry after that?” 

	Denya, however, was not smiling. “That wasn’t me…”

	A shriek from below alerted both of them to the realization that the building Denya had crashed into wasn’t as stable as they had realized. Looking up, BLK’s tail drooped as he saw the skyscraper was starting to look like the leaning tower of pisa! Windows shattered, steel beams bending as the colossal structure continued bending over where Denya had collided with it. “Oh shit…”

	With surprising reflexes, Denya managed to turn around and grab the skyscraper, digging his heels into the pavement as he fought to keep it from collapsing any further. Despite his overwhelming size disadvantage, as well as his rotund belly getting in the way, the draolf was somehow able to slow it down, albeit barely. His arms strained to carry literal tons of steel as he fought against the weight, grimacing. “H-help! I-I can’t...hold it!” 

	BLK sprang into action. He dashed over next to Denya, trying to assess the situation. There wasn’t much room besides the draolf to reach over and grab a firm hold of the toppling skyskraper. He could step over and grab it from the other end, but that would involve passing the barricade and breaking their agreement. BLK weighed his options, and in the end, realized that some rules were meant to be broken. 

	The dragon carefully stepped over the bright yellow line, grateful that most of the furs on this end had long ran away. With everyone gone, the drake positioned himself on the other end of the skyskraper and placed his palms on what looked like the sturdiest part of the skyskraper, away from the windows. Glace cut into his hands, but he ignored the pain as he grunted and pushed with all his might. 

	The building creaked and groaned, glass falling onto BLK as he fought against the skyskraper. The dragon’s feet sank into the ground from the added weight, his muscles flaring in his arms. With their combined effort, the two macros managed to stop the building from falling any further, but it was clear from the cracking sounds that they couldn’t hold it up like this much longer. Not only were they expending a ton of stamina, but the very foundation of the skyscraper was not meant to carry its weight in such an awkward angle, weakening with every passing second. Any moment now, and the entire structure would shatter, burying them both in rubble! 

	BLK’s mind raced. There had to be a way they could salvage this situation without causing any more damage! He could hear Denya whimpering, no doubt just as exhausted as he was. It was possibly due to the draolf’s great weight that the building hadn’t fallen over quickly, Denya’s fat body making a great anchor to stop it from moving. But even that had its limits. “I-I can’t hold much longer, B!” The hybrid cried out, the building suddenly lurching further an extra foot. 

	BLK closed his eyes. He had no other choice. He slowly turned his head to Alan, who was looking incredibly pale. “Alan, you have to triple my height right now!”

	“W-what?!” The demon cried out, eyes going wide. “I-I’ve never made anyone that big before!” 

	“Just do it! I’m not strong enough at this size!” 

	Alan’s lower lip quivered at the sight of an angry BLK staring at him, but gradually began to nod his head. BLK grunted as he found himself shooting upwards in height, higher and higher, faster than than he had ever experienced before! The weight of the building felt significantly less heavier the higher he shot up, until he found himself looking over it! 

	And then there was silence. No more panicked screamings, no more building creaking, all he could hear was the cool winds blowing by his face. By the time he stopped shooting upwards, the skyscraper was resting against his soft belly. With a sigh of relief, BLK carefully grabbed the building, which felt like moving a massive lego sculpture. He looked down to see where he was maneuvering the sky scraper, and froze, his heart stopping in his chest. 

	He. Was. Huge. Enormous, gigantic, titanic, obscenely massive in every way possible! He could feel other buildings pressing against his legs, which horrified the dragon considering he had plenty of room earlier! He was taller than practically every building in the city, so much so that he could see the entirety of the metropolis from where he stood! People actually looked like ants from his position; even the tubby Denya, who was looking up at him with shock and disbelief, was no wider than his leg! 

	The dragon felt sick. He was nauseous with how incomprehensibly tall he was. He could knock over a city block with a single thrash of his tail, the thought of which sent an anxious shiver down his spine. Taking a step would surely register on richter scales across the state! Maybe he could reach up and actually touch a cloud! Still shivering fearfully, the drake slowly turned his head towards Alan, who was no more than a little red speck on his shoulder. “Alan...what did you do?” The dragon gasped. His voice was so booming, it reverberated through the nearby buildings’ windows! 

	The tiny imp panted, and BLK could see that he was laying collapsed on his side. “Made you...big as possible...had to...rearrange your body...so no more...damage…” 

	“Rearrange?” BLK blinked, looking down once again. To his surprise, he saw that his doughy potbelly was no more, his thighs actually having a gap between them for once. Alan must have stretched his body thinner to save magic when making him into this colossal beast. How fortunate too; the dragon figured that if he were still pudgy at this size, he would have surely knocked over more than a few buildings with his thighs! 

	“Please...hurry…”

	“O-oh, right.” BLK quickly slid the building back onto its foundation, watching as the much-smaller draolf helped finetune his movements below. It took longer than he wanted to, but eventually the building was back in place, where it could hopefully be fixed at a later date. BLK allowed himself a sigh of relief. That had been too close. 

	Still, he couldn’t get over just how tranquil it felt to be so...huge. He couldn’t hear anyone’s voices, save for Denya’s, and even his sounded quite distant. The city’s usual buzz was mostly gone as well. It was, in a way, almost peaceful. He was literally above it all. Even as he started shrinking, BLK made a mental note to one day revisit this height to experience it all again, if Alan is feeling up to it that is.

	“Holy crap, that was amazing!” Denya shouted once BLK was back to his previous 80 foot height. The tubby draolf waddled over to his friend, staring at him with the same kind of fascination one would give to a famous celebrity. “You were like four or five times my height! I barely made it to your kneecap! How did it feel?!”

	BLK allowed himself a slight grin. “It was...interesting.” It was almost a shame he was back to normal, especially since it meant gaining all the chub back. He smiled down at Denya, although he slowly realized something wasn’t right. “Wait...shouldn’t you be holding onto the building still?” 

	“Yeah, no, you won’t believe this.” Denya gestured to the building. What was once an irreparable damaged base was now just a series of cracks and dents, not much more serious than the ones they caused earlier when they squeezed past each other. “Pretty crazy, right? While you were shrinking, I swore I was watching all those cracks and stuff start to disappear, like the entire building was going back in time. Did Alan do something?” 

	BLK shook his head and gestured to the little imp on his shoulder, who was still catching his breath. “Alan doesn’t have full control of his powers. He tends to basically force his magic into other objects, which is how he made us this size. I don’t think he could have fixed this skyscraper without causing some sort of noticeable side effect. 

	Alan huffed. “Hey...I bet I could have...if I tried hard enough.” The poor demon felt ice cold on BLK’s shoulder, his scarlet hue looking a few shades bluer. He would certainly need a moment to rest before attempting to do anything with magic again. 

	Denya noticed Alan’s drained look and frowned. “I-I’m really sorry I almost destroyed that building, and hurting you guys in the process. I got overly confident, I guess. I know why you’re afraid of being giant now, BLK.” 

	The dragon looked at the tubby draolf, not sure how to react. Denya was reckless, but at the same time he couldn’t fault the hybrid for getting excited. It was empowering to be massive, after all. Sure, Denya was a little immature, but at the very least he tried to fix the problem. Still, BLK knew he had to give the draolf a lecture. He was too reckless, after all, and while the problem did somehow fix itself, it still didn’t excuse his careless actions. The dragon cleared his throat and prepared a speech about self-control and acknowledging one’s strengths and weaknesses. “Let’s keep going, Denya. You know, before they kick us out.”

	Whoops, that wasn’t what he meant to say at all. 

	Denya beamed and looked up at his taller friend, dimples forming in his chubby cheeks. “You mean we can stay big for now?” 

	BLK sighed. He was too tired to say no. “Sure, why not.” 

	The draolf squealed with delight, wrapping the dragon up in a big squishy hug. “Thanks, B, you’re the greatest!” 

	The drake chuckled and gladly returned the embrace, happy to see today end on a happier note. He was still cautious about how the building repaired itself, but, again, he was too tired to really think too deep into it. 

	Denya, however, was looking more excited than ever. “Can we go to Pete’s Donuts?” He wagged innocently. 

	“Still?!” BLK groaned. “I told you, that giant donut isn’t real! You’d be taking a big bite out of plastic!” 

	“I know, I know, but I can still smell chocolate donuts! Maybe we can buy, like, a hundred of them and eat them like they’re one giant donut?”

	BLK chuckled. He couldn’t help himself. There was no way he could keep up with this doughy draolf anymore, and considering they had broken quite a few rules already, he couldn’t see the harm in breaking just one more. “Alright, you win. Let’s go to Pete’s.”



	Beryl’s grin never left his face. That entire spectacle was quite entertaining for him, even if he was the one pulling the strings the entire time. 

	The sky blue demon could tell from the fluffy one’s waistline that he hardly ever said no to food, so enhancing the potency of the donut’s scent was all it took for him to almost actually step out of line. When he saw Denya almost step on someone, however, Beryl made sure to quickly turn that charm off. He preferred his entertainment to stay PG, after all. 

	Still, hearing from the scaly one that the skyscraper wasn’t occupied, it was all too tempting for Beryl to widen the cracks on the building a bit, just enough to make it lean a little. There was never any threat of it toppling over, it was all just to see how those two giants would react. And they reacted beautifully. Seeing the fat, well, fatter one use himself as an anchor to stop the structure from falling was not only surprisingly witty, but undoubtedly hilarious. He almost actually stopped it with his weight alone! Just how heavy was that draolf?! BLK rushing over to help out on the other end was just as fantastic. Beryl wished he brought a cup of popcorn with him if he knew he’d be a witness to such high-quality, action-packed drama! 

	Of course, the real show began when BLK suddenly skyrocketed. 

	Even Beryl found himself gasping along with the crowd at the sheer size the brown beast obtained! It was marvelous; he was a work of art! A shame he had to sacrifice some of his girth to obtain such a height, but regardless it made for quite the spectacular sight! And from what he could tell from examining BLK’s expression, Beryl assumed the big beast enjoyed it more than he led on. 

	Once the building was back on its foundation, Beryl made sure to quickly erase the majority of the destruction. It wouldn’t be fun if they got kicked out of the city so quickly, after all. Maybe he’ll head over to the mayor’s office later today and ‘convince’ the other officials that having giants occasionally parade through the city wouldn’t be such a bad thing. For now, however, he some more sightseeing to do. 

	He rushed after the two macros, smirking as he saw them head straight to Pete’s Donuts, stepping over smaller buildings in the process. He heard BLK tell Denya twice that the giant donut was fake, but the draolf looked so crestfallen that the demon couldn’t help but to make it real. As they walked through, Beryl could see another demon, this one bright red and short, resting atop of BLK’s shoulder. The poor guy looked tuckered out, as if he’d just ran a marathon. Beryl put two and two together and realized he was most likely in charge of their growth, and made a mental note to one day show the little guy how to use his power more efficiently. With a little help, Beryl mused, that red imp could make BLK twice as tall as that wonderful size before!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/32494267/