shindenwolf recently finished his trade and omg it turned out fantastic! Totally worth the wait, thank you so much dude! 

I love it so much I actually came up with three lil story ideas to go with it, but I can't decide which one is better. Feel free to take your pick lol



EMERGENCY ALERT! EMERGENCY ALERT! EVACUATE THE VOLCANO IMMEDIATELY, I REPEAT, EVACUATE THE VOLCANO IMMEDIATELY!

The rest of the emergency broadcast was drowned out by the sudden roar of panicked shouting and whimpering as everyone trampled over each other down the mountain, some of them occasionally stumbling whenever the ground shook. A few of the more daring furs managed to sneak glances behind them towards the summit of the dome where they noticed a large plume of gas shoot in the air, the bottom of which glowed an eerie red. Along the way down, many emergency personnel offered the horrified furs paper masks to help shield them from the toxic air. Truly, it was a moment of pure chaos.

A moment that was lost on one fur in particular, however. Only now did Denya stumble out from the bathroom, his gut having been wedged in the stall during the panic. Curious as to what the commotion was about, the portly draolf stood out on the abandoned mountain hill, oblivious to the quaking and sudden rise in Sulfur Dioxide. The only sign of recent activity was an abandoned tour bus stationed in the parking lot and a used napkin floating in the air.

"Huh... So much for the hike," Denya shrugged as he slowly waddled his way back down, when he noticed two figures wearing heavy breathing masks sprinting up the mountain towards him. "You there, sir! We noticed you are quite fat, sir! Do you need assistance down the volcano?"

"I... what?" Denya tilted his chunky head as the two figures stood face to face with him, pressing into his gut uncomfortably. "I mean, I got up here just fine, bu-"

"Hold on!" The other uniformed fur, a female fox from the looks of it, interrupted him as she glanced around the draolf. "Are those wings and tail genuine? Are you indeed part dragon?"

"...What is going on?" Denya folded his ears, rustling his wings softly. He knew he was rather heavy and therefore slow by default, but everything was moving way too fast for him to even catch up mentally. 

Before he could question them further, the first fur started walking around the pudgy canine, inspecting him like some sort of relic. "By gods, you're right! His ample figure mixed with his draconic heritage could be the thing that saves us all!"

"Look sir," Denya started, before he was immedietly cut off as an enclair was shoved into his open maw by the second fur. "No time to explain! Eat everything we tell you to, no questions asked!" She screamed at him, pulling out yet another donut.

Hours later, Denya found himself sitting atop the very volcano he was supposed to be evacuating, having been airlifted by several helicopters once he couldn't walk anymore. Since then, the massive draolf watched as helicopter after helicopter flew towards his maw, throwing in large crates full of food into his open maw, causing him to swell bit by bit. As they did so, Denya felt the lava build around his enormous rump and middle, trying to squeeze it's way through the draolf's plump features. Without meaning to, Denya found himself in a battle between man and nature, his weight vs the mountain's pressure. At least free food was involved...



"Aaaah, this is nice~"

Denya sighed contently as he floated on his back, using his wings to propel himself along the lava's surface. While the 1,000 degree liquid rock would be more than enough to cook an average fur alive within seconds, the draolf's magical hide was more than enough to prevent any such baking. Instead, he was safe to float along the thick viscous liquid, suffering little more than perhaps a slightly-pinker skin. 

"Man, that dragon sure wasn't kidding when he said volcanoes make the best hottubs!" Denya mumbled blissfully as rolled onto his belly, exposing his redder rump. He vaguely recalled a warning from said dragon about staying inside the volcano for no longer than 10 minutes, but the draolf had no idea why. He had been relaxing for over half an hour and didn't feel the slightest bit burnt (granted he did occasionally think he smelled burnt fur, only to remember that active volcanoes constantly spew funky gasses). Besides, he could trust himself to tell whenever he was getting too hot, but right now, he felt just right.

Moaning happily, Denya slowly rolled onto his back again, but found it a bit more difficult than usual. Once he finished, however, the draolf saw why, his jaw dropping. His stomach, already large to began with, was now absolutely massive, towering above him like a small hill in it's own right. "W-woah, I, uh, really need to hit the gym," Denya mumbled as he poked at his enormous grey belly, surprised at how taunt it felt beneath his touch. To his horror, his gut suddenly blimped out an extra few inches as if spurred on from the poking, completely pinning the helpless draolf on his back. Beneath him, Denya assumed his back and rear were going through a similar transformation, making him the volcanic equivalent of some legendary ice burg. 

The volcano shook suddenly, the lava flaring up from beneath the draolf. Yelping with shock, Denya struggled to roll into a swimming position, his limbs having bloated up significantly to match his gigantic stomach. Perhaps it was due to the volcano's gasses reacting with his magical hide, but the draolf constantly felt himself bloating larger and larger, his area of movement rapidly diminishing. Without warning, Denya felt himself somehow roll into a more seated position, bobbing around on the lake of lava like some incredible fire-proof pool toy. 

Higher and higher the lava rose, with it's occupant wiggling his useless bloated arms about fearfully. The more the lava filled, the faster Denya grew, the draolf unable to even see the magma past his 50-foot wide gut. Like a dog toy, Denya squeaked when the edge of his bloated body completely filled the basin, halting his ascension. However, while he stopped growing higher, his width grew exponentially faster. Like a balloon tied to a hose, the draolf continued swelling atop the mountain, his girth overtaking much of the summit. Wider and wider he grew, his stomach making odd creaking and groaning noises until, at long last, Denya let loose an enormous belch.

It smelled awful.



Every year, the citizens of Corpula would celebrate the day their village was saved from an oncoming volcanic eruption when a deity, an enormous dragon-wolf hybrid by the name of Denya, used his powers to halt the lava flow completely. Since that day, the god has remained sitting atop the very same volcano, where he would receive his annual payment in the form of a very hearty feast. Centuries have passed since then, and while many debated about whether or not they were overfeeding their god, no one could argue that at least Denya was doing his job.

Juventus panted as he approached the top of the mountain, the volcano's heat getting to him. As a child, the black and green skunk had always dreamed of being the one chosen to repay the god that saved his village, although he had to admit the trip was far more perilous than he even imagined. For starters, he had never noticed the lava that constantly spewed out from beneath Denya's bulk, or the constant shaking caused either by the volcano itself or the diety's hungry tummy. Despite being a bit on the heavy side himself (Corpula is world renowned for it's plentiful and bountiful harvests), Juventus marched on until he reached the enormous grey wall. 

Climbing Denya was like climbing a second mountain, but fortunately the diety's soft padding and numerous rolls made it very easy to find footholds. foot by foot he climbed up the enormous stomach, stopping onto to take a breather inside a voluminous cave of what he could only assume was Denya's navel. After another few hours of climbing (the skunk had to stop to cling onto the draolf's gut whenever it grumbled), Juventus finally managed to reach the crest of Denya's stomach, allowing him to finally continue along the squishy surface on foot. His arms and legs were aching, and he was very tempted to reach into the large gourd he carried on his back to try some of the food he had been tasked with carrying, but he knew better than to steal from a god.

Walking on the doughy, squishy god proved to be much easier than climbing it, and in no time at all he had crested Denya's enormous chest and stared into the eyes of a diety. The draolf's head was enormous, his bright green eyes nearly as large as Juventus's house! The god lowered his gaze towards the little skunk sitting by his chins, speaking in a very deep voice. "Have you brought your offering?"

"R-right here, sir!" Juventus scrambled to unpack the gourde from his back, showing it to the draolf.

With a slight hint of a smile, Denya opened his maw wide and unfurled his tongue until it rested right before the skunk. Without needing to be told, Juventus opened the the container and dumped it's contents onto it, watching a small pile of sand-like particles formed on the deity's tongue.

With a moan that shook his entire frame, Denya pulled his tongue back into mouth, smacking his lips noisily. Each sand-like particle was the equivalent of a feast meant for an entire city, meaning that if just one of them accidentally made it's way into the skunk's maw, he would literally be rolling home. As such, Juventus couldn't but notice the diety's stomach not only stop grumbling, but also grow out just a little bit. Even Denya's building-sized cheeks appeared to be softer and fuller by the time he finished eating the substance, an extra layer of chub having spread throughout his entire body.

"I noticed a lack of roast chicken and garlic bread this time, how disappointing," Denya sighed, knocking the skunk onto his butt. "I hope you rectify this mistake by next year, or you'll find your crops to get very... overcooked."

"O-of course, sir!" Juventus nodded as he started his slightly-longer journey down the draolf.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/25070296/