Phew this story took me quite a while x.x anyways, this is an early birthday present/trade thingy for  Tychondryus ,where is character learns a new magic spell for summoning food....that quickly backfires!

Also featuring  Gannon_the_Wolf , I didn't mean to make him sound so mean! D: I'm sorry Gans!

================================================================

	Tycho groaned and shook as he pulled the heavy 200 lb weight around the backyard. Every muscle in the chubby blue lizard’s body ached from hours of these workouts. Yelling at the top of his lungs, Tycho addressed the fat wolf currently watching him. “Can you remind me HOW this is going to make me a better sorcerer?” Gannon the Wolf scowled at his lazy apprentice. There just was no teaching him. “I told you several times, young fool. Magic can leave you exhausted and hungry, while slowing down your metabolism the more you use it. In other words, more spells equal more waist line. If you can finally get under 270 pounds maybe I’ll teach you how to pull a rabbit out of a hat.” The blue lizard frowned at the lame joke, but was too tired to retaliate. He still had to pull this thing for another few yards….
	Tychondryus Van Glory was a 5’10 anthro blue lizard with brown fluffy hair grown past his shoulder and a weight of 290. He used to ignore magic completely; in fact he didn’t believe it actually existed in the first place! However, more and more furs around him started using magic as a lazy way of doing tiring work in a matter of seconds. The chubby blue lizard would also laugh as his friends would start getting much fatter than they normally would, which was more than enough of a reason to simply ignore magic. However, as time went on, he read more and more stories of innocent furs being robbed, attacked, and even violated by evil magic wielders. Things were starting to get scary. Since when was magic a good excuse to hurt the lives of someone else? If that wasn’t terrifying enough, Tycho’s neighbor Juventus, a very fat blue skunk, had been robbed out of his prized Twinkie collection! Poor Juventus was hoping to keep a large stash of those delicious yellow cakes after Hostess went out of business so he would always have a nice treat around. After the robbery, the fat skunk locked himself in his house for a week, worrying Tycho. Seeing as how terrible a magic wielder could affect someone’s life, Tycho set out to learn how to fight magic with magic.
	The tubby blue lizard, however, was having trouble finding a magic wielder to help him. No one seemed interested in him, saying he had no magical potential in anyway, failing to perform even the simplest of spells. Because Tycho attempted to use so much magic at once, his metabolism crashed, forcing him to gain an extra 50 pounds of lizard lard. Tycho’s fatter appearance made it harder for him to find a mentor, and soon all hope was lost. That is, until Gannon the Wolf stepped into the picture. 
	Gannon was a very stern looking wolf, standing at around 6’0. He is covered in dark grey fur with a light grey belly, his eyes blood red and alert. Apart from that, he looked like any other wolf, despite his 300 pound appearance. While Gannon’s weight may seem humorous, his attitude wasn’t. Immediately after apprenticing the blue lizard, Gannon forced Tycho to work right away, setting him to work on tiring tasks such as moving heavy furniture around and lifting large tv sets from one room to the other. The fact that Gannon owned a three-story mansion didn’t help at all. These tiring tasks were extremely difficult for the poor blue overweight lizard. He endured days where his muscles would feel like lead. As he worked, Gannon would lean against the wall and watch, the pudgy dark grey wolf smirking as he watched his apprentice struggle. As days wore on, Tycho slowly but surely was losing the extra bit of pudge he developed earlier, dropping him from 320 down to 290. Meanwhile, Gannon looked to be changing slightly in terms of appearance, at least according to Tycho. 
	Tycho’s train of thought was quickly derailed, however, as Gannon loudly barked at the tubby lizard. “Hey! Put some elbow grease into it! You’re almost done!” Tycho moaned loudly, his body trenched in sweat, his shirt sticking to his gut like it was taped. He momentarily fumbled and fell down, the weight tied to his waist digging painfully into his middle. Gannon face paw’d and sighed, wondering if all of this was pointless. Tycho saw Gannon’s gesture and clenched his teeth, anger suddenly taking hold of his actions. Without thinking, he bolted up and sprinted to the end, finally finishing the exercise. Hunched over, Tycho panted heavily, a smile shown on his face. He did it! He finally cleared that demanding exercise! Looking over, the excited lizard waited for Gannon’s response. The tubby wolf raised an eyebrow and slowly clapped, Tycho swore he could almost see the corner of his lips lift. “Well done there, I honestly didn’t think you could do it.” Removing the weight, Tycho slowly waddled over to Gannon, smiling as he did so. “Does that mean *pant* that I’m *pant* gonna learn *wheeze* a spell?”  Gannon guffawed, laughing as if he was told a humorous joke. Tycho frowned, shuffling his foot paws awkwardly. “W-what’s so funny?” Gannon continued to chuckle and whipped an imaginary tear from his eye. “Are you kidding me? The fact you could pull that light thing and still think you’re in shape to learn a spell? I told you, fatty, that unless you get rid of this.” Gannon reached out and grabbed a pawful of Tycho’s belly, jiggling it softly. “That you weren’t fit enough for any spell. If you even tried any more spells, than it wouldn’t be long until you’d be too fat to walk!” 
	Poor Tycho looked down and blushed, embarrassed by Gannon’s remarks. He had always been chubby since he could remember, but the blue lizard didn’t really care much. Tycho never minded his flab at all; in fact, he kinda liked how soft his belly would feel when he pressed his hands against it. While being insanely fat was somewhat scary, being chubby was definitely sexy, in his own opinion. Tycho’s face reddened even more, not from embarrassment, but from anger. How dare Gannon make fun of his weight! In fact… Tycho suddenly reaches out and grabs a large handful of Gannon’s fat belly, jiggling it around like crazy. “If I can’t do magic with my weight, then how in the bloody hell are you able too? For every pound I lost, you somehow managed to gain at least two! Don’t tell me I’m too fat to do magic if you barley fit into your big shirt.” Gannon’s sneer turned into a look of shock, his chubby cheeks blushing scarlet. Avoiding eye-contact, the embarrassed fat wolf growled menacingly. “That’s none of your concern! Go to your room right now! Your lesson is done for the day.” The blue lizard walked away slowly back into the mansion, muttering under his breath. “Fine, good thing I learned so much in my ‘lesson.’”
After several hours of talking to himself while pacing in front of a mirror, Tycho eventually calmed down enough to form decent thoughts. How could that mean fat wolf keep getting fatter? Does magic really reduce your metabolism that much? Helping himself to some dinner (left over asparagus, yippee), Tycho sat down and slowly ate, smearing as much butter as he could onto that wretched vegetable.  Tycho thought out loud as he nibbled away at his meager dinner. “Gannon works out with me most of the time, so how could he get so fat? Maybe he likes it? Nah, that’d mean he wouldn’t be such a pain in the tail that I’m just a LITTLE but chubby.” Grabbing his soft belly, Tycho giggled to himself. “Ok, maybe not a little, but still! … What if he’s actually keeping food away from me and he only eats when I’m not around!” The chubby lizard stopped eating, dawning upon his sudden realization. “Of course! No wonder he would disappear and reappear smelling so sweet! Why have I not realized that sooner?” Shoving the rest of the asparagus into his maw (suppressing a shudder as he swallowed it down) Tycho sneaked out of his room and slowly tip-toed down the stairs to his master’s room.
After a flight of stairs and several hallways, Tycho finally made it to his master’s chambers. It would have been harder to spot it had Gannon decided to not write “DO NOT ENTER” or “PENALTY OF EMBARASSING FAT JOKES” all over his door. The blue lizard gently pressed his head against the door, listening for any noises. All he could hear was “mnch” and “snrch” and several other strange noises. Tycho held his breath as he opened the door slightly, peeking into his master’s room. There, sitting on a large brown sofa watching television, sat Gannon, idly rubbing his soft grey stomach with both paws as he chewed on a donut… Wait how was he doing that? When the donut finally disappeared into Gannon’s mouth, he burped and patted his gut, another donut, coated in blue aura, appeared from behind another door and flew to his maw. Tycho rubbed his eyes to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating. The tubby lizard’s eyes didn’t deceive him; however, as he watched the donut slowly makes its way into the lazy wolf’s maw. If Tycho had any reason to learn magic, that was definitely the reason, but if only he could. Squinting his eyes, Tycho spotted a worn-down copy of a book that looked like it had the title: “Lazy magic for dummies.” Figures.  A plan started to form in Tycho’s mind, a plan so deliciously amazing only a pure genius like him could come up with it!
Gannon belched again, still rubbing his gut. The fatty wolf grew up very skinny and athletic, as was the will of his parents. However, after his first year learning magic, Gannon put on an astounding 200 pounds from his ridiculous magic use. Being a very gifted student definitely took its toll. After his weight gain, Gannon’s parents threw him out, forcing him to make a living teaching magic. Gannon would have loved to have been a powerful sorcerous, or maybe even a security guard for a famous actress (a very pretty actress at that), but, without the money to continue his own schooling, the chubby wolf was forced to make ends meet by sharing his knowledge onto other apprentices, while, at the same time, watch his own weight. After nearly an hour of stuffing his face and watching South Park, a small amount of pressure building up in his middle told him that he had to use the restroom right away. Hopping up from his seat, the grey wolf slowly made his way out of his room to the bathroom, oblivious to his apprentice hiding right outside his door, weighting for that exact moment. As soon as Gannon shut the door to the bathroom, Tycho leapt out from behind the door and locked the bathroom door shut from the outside. “Huh, that was easier than I thought.” Without hesitation, Tycho ran back to Gannon’s room and shut the door, leaping right onto the sofa and grabbing the book.
	Tycho grinned wildly as he flipped through the pages, searching for the spell that makes the food come out of that door. Finally, on page 141, the “feeder spell” could be located. “Alright, let’s see here. I Just got to hold my hands like ‘this’, then like ‘this’, and then like this!” Without warning, a large piece of fried chicken flew from the door and crammed its way into Tycho’s maw. Smiling, the happy lizard swallowed the chicken and sat back on the sofa, resting his arms on the arm rest. Tycho was shocked at just how soft and cozy this sofa was, his body sinking into it gently. “Dang, this thing is comfy! I don’t think I ever want to leave this spot. Now where is that re- mmf!” Without warning, another drumstick made its way out of the door and into the surprised lizard’s mouth. Swallowing it quickly, Tycho chuckled softly. “Heheh, of course I wouldn’t mind this lovely feast instead.” Leaning his head back, the pampered lizard smiled and opened his maw wide. 
Food continued to slowly make its way into the greedy lizard’s maw. Small servings of meat such as turkey and schnitzel would lazily hover to Tycho’s mouth, only to get quickly devoured, some crumbs falling onto his chest. After a while, Tycho discovered that the television only worked with magic. By blinking his right eye, the channel would move up, winking his left would change the channel one lower. “Wow, Master Gannon really is creat-“his sentence was cut short as a slice of bologna jumped down his throat. Within another thirty minutes, Tycho learned how the magic sofa worked. By using mental communications, the happy lizard found out that not only was the sofa soft, it massaged as well! Robotic arms flew out from the sides and immediately set themselves to work, grabbing Tycho’s feet. The pampered lizard murred softly as the mechanical hands gripped the sides of his feet, pressing it’s thumbs deeply against the soles of Tycho’s paws. Tycho didn’t think it was possible to be this happy! He had everything he wanted in the world right now! Food, a magic television, food, a super soft sofa, food, foot massages, food, food, more food!
Tycho frowned as he found he had to constantly lean his head left and right. Meat was coming at his head more often than earlier, blocking his vision occasionally. Slightly irritated, the spoiled blue lizard found he had to chew and swallow even faster, just so he would be ready to eat more food. It was coming at him faster now! Deciding he had had his fill, Tycho looked down to tell the machine to stop his foot massage…only to see his belly was blocking his vision. Tycho’s fat jaw dropped, bacon immediately sliding itself into his open mouth. He must have put on over 100 pounds! Tycho gently gripped his fat belly, jiggling it softly, hearing it slosh and warble. The fatter lizard’s arms and legs must have doubled in thickness, any visible muscle he developed earlier was now lost under Tycho’s several layers of pudge. Tycho’s head looked much softer than before, cheeks forming into two soft little balls of extra fat on the side of his muzzle, his double chin starting to look fatter, ready to develop into a third chin. The fat lizard’s wide butt took up more and more space on the sofa, each butt cheek almost as big as basketballs. Tycho’s belly, however, seemed to have kept most of the lard, his belly looking bigger than an over-inflated beach ball with two A-cup moobs forming on top of it, his black shirt riding up on him, looking more and more like a sports bra. Tycho was now the fattest he has even been in his life…and he keeps getting fatter!
The obese blue lizard tried turning his fat neck away, but to no avail. A cupcake rammed into his belly, smearing it’s frosting all over his jiggling mass. As soon as Tycho gasped for air after that attack, the cupcake jumped right into Tycho’s chubby maw. The sofa, realizing its fat captor’s resistance, wound it’s mechanical arms around Tycho’s wide arms and legs, restraining his movement while, at the same time, continued to massage his plumper feet. Even though his 400+ body was being stuffed like a turkey, Tycho giggled slightly from the machine’s massage. 
That giggle quickly turned into a groan as two donuts made their way into Tycho’s maw at the same down, adding an extra roll to his back. From behind him, the obese lizard could feel his tail fattening up until it felt too big to even carry up, now nearly as thick as a tree trunk. Tycho tried yelling for help, but every time his mouth was opened, another small group of food made its way into him, giving Tycho a few more inches to his waist line. The plumped up lizard started panicking as soon as his wide butt cheeks started pressing the side of the sofa. If he didn’t move now, his fat ass will keep him wedged. Tycho quickly grabbed a mouthful of air before yelling at the top of his lungs. “STOP!” 
The line of food about to enter Tycho’s mouth stopped in midair, looking like someone had froze time. Using this time wisely, the obese blue lizard tried lifting his 600 pound body up, but to no avail. Tycho’s yoga ball sized belly was stuck firmly in place between the two arm rests, looking like a squished blue giant water balloon. Tycho’s arms were now nearly as wide as the arm rests, with just as many folds, his thick tail wider than a tree trunk. Tycho’s shirt was now a torn rag, riding up all the way to his D-cup moobs. Now his shirt really WAS a sports bra, since his massive breasts were the only thing it could contain without ripping into shreds. Tycho’s face looked much rounder now, cheeks almost the size of apples starting to affect his vision slightly, also making his muzzle look more stubby and pig-like. Tycho now possessed no neck, as his chins and shoulder fat quickly covered it up. After trying one last time, the immobile lizard leaned back against the sofa, panting heavily, his humongous belly heaving in and out. “Oh great! *pant* now I really *wheeze* need to hit a *pant* gym! I don’t suppose *gasp* that it’s possible *pant pant* to summon a glass of water *gasp* and a salad?” As if on cue, the food suddenly came back to life, cramming itself into Tycho’s maw!
Hotdogs, hamburgers, turkey legs, pastries, cakes, donuts, chicken and schnitzel all flew into the blimp of a lizard’s mouth all too quickly, making it impossible to tell what food was what. To his horror, Tycho was forced to keep his mouth opened as the food swept into him like a stream. Tycho could barely keep his eyes open, only able to watch his ginormous belly slowly swell out more and more, covering most of his fat legs and squishing itself against the arms of the chair, sloshing and wobbling like someone overinflated a water balloon nearly the size of a refrigerator! *Snap!* One by one, the robot arms coming from the sofa broke away from Tycho’s swollen limbs, their captor getting too fat to hold. The blue blob’s shirt finally exploded after his moobs grew too big for even a XL shirt! The sofa groaned and whined loudly, unable to withstand the 1200 pounds of lizard currently sitting on top of it, before finally breaking apart into thousands of pieces, sending poor Tycho onto his back. Lucky for him, Tycho’s pillow-sized ass broke the fall as he lay sprawled on his back, Tycho’s ocean of a belly sloshing back and forth on top of him. 
“Mrrrrrrf!! Help *belch* me!” Tycho’s cries fell to death ears, his vision restrained by his basketball sized moobs and his belly almost as big as the sofa itself! The obese lizard continued to lay there, belching uncontrollably, smelling the icing smeared all over his apple-sized cheeks. Tycho soon heard a whirling noise, as if this room suddenly was transported somewhere windy. To Tycho’s horror, a tornado of fattening food started whirling, the tip quickly made its way to his maw. Tycho soon slowly passed out as countless amounts of food were crammed into his muzzle, forcing him to gain 100s of pounds by the minute.
Gannon roared with rage as he continued to fling his body against the bathroom door. “I’m gonna kill whoever pulled this stupid prank on me!” With one final effort, the fat wolf managed to break down the door off its hinges. Looking around, Gannon saw no trace of any intruder. “hmmf, must have heard my yelling and ran away crying.” Smiling at the thought of someone intimidated by his voice, Gannon slowly made his way back to his room and opened the door, noticing something VERY different. Lying in the middle of the room on his back was a huge, immense, soft, squishy, blob version of Tycho! The colossal lizard’s belly was over 20ft in diameter of pure lard, it’s sloshing and jiggling noises almost deafening, his limbs completely buried under his massive stomach, leaving only a fat head sticking out; a fat head with cheeks bigger than grapefruits. What made this site truly amazing was that Tycho was STILL EATING (although the food flew to his maw much quicker than before). Smirking, the fat wolf hopped on top of Tycho’s ginormous belly, sinking in like a beanbag chair made out of mashed potatoes and Jell-O. “I knew you would one day wonder into my room, just like I knew you would fatten yourself up to immobility as soon as you got the chance! Anything you wanna say, you fat blob?” Tycho quickly ate a foot long hotdog in one bite before replying. “Can I have more mustard please?”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9369353/