So I lied earlier, technically this is my first commission, but I wrote it while I was super high so the quality wasn't all that good. This was supposed to just be a freebie story, but  docodile paid me to keep going, for some reason haha. I edited the story since then to make it easier to read and give it better transitions in between scenes, but I wanted to keep most of it the same because I really liked the feel I gave this story. 

Grockle has the day to himself, but due to a unforeseen event ends up having to upscale his plans.

I hope you all enjoy~

Grockle didn’t know why, but he had a feeling today was going to be a good day. He must have slept longer than he intended, for the crocodile woke up feeling fresh like a spring breeze. The sun was shining without a cloud in the sky, the birds were chirping and singing their chorus, even the grass outside looked greener than usual. It was bright and colorful, just like his own gleaming green scales. With a smile on his face, Grockle slowly leaned forward to take a better look out his window when-

	Crack!!

	-his horns ruptured the ceiling. 
	Having now lost his smile, Grockle glowered as bits of debris and ceiling dust trickle onto his muzzle, his head tightly locked in place. Why did he think it was a good idea to sleep with his horns on tonight, knowing that the slightest exposure to sunlight would result with unnatural growth? No, it’s the weather man’s fault, that stupid wolf said the sky would be cloudy the next day! With a groan, Grockle pried his horns out from the ceiling, brushing off all the annoying sediment. Just his luck that not only did the weatherman lie about the weather, but that the UV index for today would be high, leaving a higher concentration of Ultra Violet rays than usual. 
	The bed creaked loudly beneath him, another indicator of his increased size. Grockle grimaced as he tried to roll himself out of bed, hearing the wood splinter beneath him. Already a tall croc, Grockle possessed the unique ability to grow in size via osmosis through the detachable spikes on his back and head. Currently, those spikes were sitting next to his bed in a Uhaul box; had he slept with all of them on, he could easily imagine himself accidently breaking out of his own place of residence. Already, he could tell moving around his house would be trickier, considering he could reach the ceiling by sitting up. Sliding off his bed, the crocodile carefully rolled onto all fours to better ascertain the damage. 
	He was easily four times his usual size, a 25 foot tall monster of a reptile. His wardrobe with his clothes in it was smaller than his meaty thigh, meaning he was left naked with no clothes left, save for the macro clothes he normally carried with him. Unfortunately, those were in the living room, a place that Grockle could not be because his broad shoulders wouldn’t let him squeeze through the doors. And while he could easily break through the doors, thanks in part to his cybernetic legs, he really didn’t want to cause any more damage to his house than he needed. He had a feeling the local carpenter was starting to get annoyed with his frequent calls. This left the window, which was currently the cause of his growing thanks to the sun...great. 
	The window was twice as wide as the door, which just might be enough room to fit Grockle. Lifting the window, the crocodile stuck his head out to make sure no one would notice before sliding his way through. His head and torso made it through just fine, but he couldn’t help but feel as though his lower half needed more effort to pull through than usual. Even if the UV index is high, surely he couldn’t have grown that much in such a short time, right? Still, he kept close to his house, sliding around the walls until he could reach into the living room window, and pulled out a decent-sized chest for this very occasion. 
	One quick clothing change later, and the green reptile’s nude body was finally clothed. With his transparent spikes back on, the enormous croc elected to wear a trench cloak over his form, something that was difficult to keep around his macro body. Fortunately, it was made with the same material as his metal legs, which meant it grew along with him, although it was the most humiliating thing to wear. He was already the center of attention at this size, but with the stupid cloak on at his size he’d look like a 50’s gangster Godzilla. Ah, screw it. Today was his day out to enjoy himself; he wasn’t going to let a few extra feet get him down. Wrapping the cloak tightly around him, the enormous lizard wondered off, unaware that the tip of his tail occasionally poked through the material, exposing part of it to the sun.
	Walking on the sidewalk is difficult if your foot is nearly as large as a concrete block. Grockle learned this the hard way as he approached the more urban city, seeing as how he couldn’t climb over property without leaving  behind a few dents. So he was confined to the road, taking up a spot like a car would, stuck traveling through traffic. In a way, it was kind of fun pretending to be a car; looking down at himself above the cars reminded him of that driveway placemat everyone had when they were a kid. He could run as fast as a car as well thanks to his metal legs, although he had to use his arms constantly to signal where he was going like some sort of traffic conductor. Talk about annoying. 
	What piqued his interest first was a grand opening of a new frozen yogurt shop! Parking himself in the parking lot (followed by a playful clicking of his tongue to mimic the sound of a car door locking), Grockle crouched low to peer inside. Dozens of flavors lined the walls with pumps made to easily serve the soft serve into bowls. His presence drew many shocked glances, although the person he was trying to alert was a tiny ferret woman wearing a uniform, who was too busy helping customers to notice. Grockle tapped on the glass door gently and waved. “Heya, can someone make me a large?” 
	Naturally the worker was a little frightened at the enormous crocodile cyborg, but the macro croc made sure to smile politely. “Just a large please. Gotta keep my figure in check.” 
	They handed him a gallon of ice cream, but to him it was like a small bowl. It still took him more time than it should to eat, for it was difficult eating frozen yogurt with a spoon smaller than your little finger. Still, he had his dignity and made his best effort to not look like a mindless monster, although in the end he just lifted the bowl to his muzzle to drink it clean once it all melted. 
	A stroll through town was what he needed after a good snack, and what better place to walk through than the city’s local park? Once again he took up the entirety of the path and then some, the reptile nearly as tall as the trees surrounding him. What’s odd was, he remembered passing those same trees earlier on his way to the frozen yogurt store but they were taller than him. Odd; perhaps the gardener came by since then to trim them. 
	He walked through at a slow pace, but even then he could easily overtake the joggers. This gave more time to smell fresh air, even if he had to duck beneath a tree once couple seconds. There was even a hotdog stand along the way, Grockle taking a break to eat the digit-sized treat. Same with a cotton-candy vendor, who after some reluctance, agreed to let the enormous croc stick his arm into the machine and pull out a new pink puffy sugar-encrusted limb back. Food tasted so much better when it’s small, at least in Grockle’s mind. 
	The peaceful walk through the park brought up Grockle’s mood (even though he was asked to leave when his footsteps were starting to leave indents in the dirt) and with a fuller stomach the alligator felt more energized than ever. He was ready to really work off the calories, but his gym was more than likely a wee bit small for him to squeeze into. A shame he really wasn’t a Godzilla, he could use all these skyscrapers as something to bench.
	Imagine his surprise when he found something better!
	Just around the corner was a nearby construction site, lifting heavy steel beams and girders around in piles like Lincoln logs. The workers were certainly intimidated to see a brawny alligator whose biceps were bigger than their bodies, but soon they came to an understanding and let Grockle help. He sat next to the pile, reaching nearly two whole stories just by sitting. Something wasn’t quite right with that logic, Grockle thought, as he remembered his bedroom being only one story tall. But, much to his delight, he soon forgot about that problem as the workers started handing him large beams. With better speed and precision than any vehicle, the macro croc placed the metal sliders around faster than the workers could drill them in place, getting days of work done in hours. He became so adept at this that he would also lift handfuls of heavy concrete mix in his arms while waiting for the next load, using them like squishy dumbbells. The workers were so pleased that they allowed the big green reptile to bench press their vehicles for practice. As the day went on, this workout started becoming easier and simpler for the reptile, who needed to add more and more cement bags onto his hands. He certainly felt stronger, perhaps the sunlight he usually avoided was helping him in that regard, although he was certain the extra muscle mass was helping. He flexed his triceps, seeing fresh veins appear along his figure. He’d like to see Gozilla get those sick gains!
	As the sun started to set, Grockle rested the two trucks in his arms and sighed, feeling well and truly worked. He really wished there was rain, for that would be the closest thing he could get to a shower until he started shrinking again. Waving good bye to the kind workers, Grockle rose to his feet again, frowning as those workers looked even smaller than before. Not only that, but walking along traffic was even trickier than before, his feet now taking up the space of two cars. Most people were rather accommodating for the giant’s size, although a few rude honkers reminded Grockle that he certainly was a sight to be seen. He shouldn’t be growing anymore, right? His body was completely covered by the trench coat, after all. 
	Grockle glared menacingly down at the newest honker, a red sedan whose driver promptly gave the bird before speeding off. He was starving, as one would be after several hours of work. He looked for any place that would serve him, but found out all of their answers were the same. “A feast your size is gonna run you $400.” 
	Grockle sighed at the 3 course-meal before him, something that looked more like a paltry appetizer than a filling meal. It wasn’t much, but the manager agreed to a fairer price, although this meant saying goodbye to Grockle’s chance to afford hang gliding using an airplane. It was a delicious meal, one that he could enjoy with his hands considering he lost the fork the minute he dropped it in his claws. Feeling just as refreshed, Grockle left a nice tip and turned to leave…before finding that same red car parked in a handicap spot. There were no signs the driver was handicapped unless being a jackass was classified as a mental illness, and suddenly Grockle realized his three course meal was about to earn a very large dessert. 
	When the blond dragowolf walked outside, he was shocked to see a set of four wheels in place of where his car should, with a 6 story tall crocodile sitting even further back, using the car’s windshield wipers like toothpicks. The hybrid stood staring dumbly at the monstrous reptile, who upon noticing he was being watched, snorted and swished his hand in the “shoo” motion. The draolf had no problem doing just that, leaving behind a trail of dust as he did so. Grockle thought he heard tires screeching when the draolf turned the corner, or perhaps that was just him biting into the wheels next, enjoying four rubbery after-dinner mints.
	The sun was finally down, which meant it was time to drop his stupid trench coat. Grinning proudly, Grockle shed the overbearing article of clothing, carrying it in his arm like a gentlemen while he felt the moonlight hit his spikes. The material reflected the clear blue light beautifully, making him look like a Christmas tree of sorts, or perhaps an enormous discoball. He knew he was stunning, and normally wasn’t a fan of showing off his body, but he figured he could get away with it at his size. He could pretend to simply be a lit up sky scraper, one that walked on the roads and admired itself in the other sky scrapers’ reflections. If you were as swole as he was, you’d check yourself out too. Unfortunately, he still had to pay attention to where he was going, considering his feet were the size of cars. 
	And speaking of cars, there was a drive through theater nearby! 
	The theater charged based on how many people per vehicle, but since Grockle had a vehicle inside him instead of himself inside of a vehicle, they figured it’s best to allow the big scary gator through. He needed an entire trolley of popcorn to satisfy himself as he sat in front of the screen, although one crunch later told him he might have accidently gobbled up the maker. He was about to pick his teeth for metal when the projection suddenly aired, with roughly 25% of it hitting the back of his head instead of the screen. 
	Grockle blushed as he immediately lowered his head, but was startled to see his horns still interfered. Curling his legs in, he hunched himself as far forward as he could, his chin almost resting on the car in front of him. Just from sitting cross-legged like this he was taking up nearly four parking spots on the ground, although the cars gave him a little extra wiggle room due to how intimidating a muscular crocodile could be. Still, as the movie progressed, he found himself having to bend further and further, his muzzle eventually resting on the vehicle before him. Likewise, what was once a loose spot was becoming significantly less so as Grockle noticed his thighs pressing against nearby cars as time progressed. It felt like he was being squeezed into a tighter and tighter yoga position, but fortunately the movie was ending at that point. One by one the cars left, leaving Grockle alone with his thoughts aside from the cleanup crew. Earlier this morning he could barely fit in his room, and now he was watching a theater-sized screen like it was a tv. There was no doubt about it, he had somehow grown far taller throughout the day, despite his thick trench coat. Even after the sun went down he was much bigger than he remembered, probably four times as tall in fact! There was no way he could make it home now without seriously messing up the traffic with his enormous clumsy self, and even if he could get home how could he get inside to sleep? He wasn’t even sure he could fit in his own back yard, and he wouldn’t want to disrupt traffic by napping on the road. 
	With an agreement to not accidently eat any more popcorn makers, the theater owners allowed the macro reptile to snooze outside. He used his coat like a blanket, finding the ground surprisingly comfy. He wasn’t on a soft bed, so he got to continue wearing his crystal bike spikes because of it. Snorting triumphantly, Grockle allowed himself to drift off to sleep with plans of fixing his size later, his crystalline spikes still glowing in the moonlight.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/29094729/