Back to writing, even if it is just short stories. 

1k word commission for  tinypandaink of himself enjoying the finer things in life, that being food and puns. So, so many puns. 

I've been kinda hesitant to start this one, since I wasn't sure if I knew how to write a good 1k word story. Do I simply describe a scene as detailed as possible, or do I write a short little interaction? In the end, I went with a little of both, and I honestly quite like the outcome~

I hope you all enjoy~



Everyone in the bakery had stopped what they were doing to stare at the panda. It didn’t matter if they were seated, waiting in line, or even working behind the counter; they all couldn’t take their eyes off that single panda.

	This panda, who was revealed to be named Dan when the baker announced his order was ready, spent an entire hour without having his mouth empty. The pudgy ursine’s jaws and paws never stopped moving, working constantly to stuff himself with as much sugary goodness as they could reach. With how many pastries Dan was eating, as well as his general size, it was impossible not to notice him despite sitting in the back corner of the bakery. The sound of his eating alone, the snarfing and gwarfing and burping, was enough to drown out the radio played over the speakers; it wasn’t long until the creaking of his chairs added to the panda’s personal cacophony.

	Even so, it wasn’t Dan’s noisy eating that grabbed everyone’s attention. It wasn’t his greedy mannerisms either, although his food-stuffed chipmunk cheeks were certainly a sight to behold. It wasn’t even the fact that the panda almost never seemed to come up for air, the tubby ursine somehow mastering the technique of eating and breathing simultaneously. 

	No, what drew the other patron’s gaze upon Dan was that fact that his 5XL clothes, clothes that hung loosely on his body when he first entered the facility, were now tearing at the seams! 

	Dan didn’t seem to notice this one bit as he swallowed what must have been two donuts at once, a look of pure ecstasy etched across his blubbery face. With that swallow, the last of his shirt’s threads finally snapped and, like a dam bursting, his stomach was free to surge forward like an avalanche of snow-white lard. Wrappers and empty containers went flying at his blubbery blob of a belly filled up all the available space, flopping onto the table and reaching halfway across it. The tearing of his shirt, as well as the impact of his stomach, could be heard throughout the entire bakery; a few ooh’s and aah’s could also be heard as if the audience were watching a fireworks show. 

	Fortunately for them, the show didn’t end there. Dan completely disregarded his ruined shirt, his giddy expression unwavering as he reached around his billowing belly to scoop up more treats. The sleeves of his shirt strained visibly in an attempt to hold back the panda, but rather than heed their advice, Dan simply lunged forward anyways, tearing them in half. His bright yellow shorts certainly weren’t in better condition either; thankfully for them, it was evident that the panda wasn’t about to use his legs any time soon. 

	It was a spectacular show for everyone involved, watching the panda’s stomach swell upwards and outwards like a fluffy white balloon, overtaking the table. Or noticing the panda’s dimples sink even deeper as his cheeks gained additional rolls. Alas, all good things must come to an end. To their surprise, Dan didn’t look disappointed in the slightest as he finished up his last eclair, instead choosing to savor the moment by licking the crumbs from his pudgy fingers. With his maw finally free of food, the panda opened wide as if preparing to make a speech, although instead of words, an incredible belch escaped his lips instead, loud enough to rattle the window panes. No one could say they were surprised. 

	On cue, one of the chefs burst through the kitchen door: a rather thin otter whose minuscule height was mostly made up by his large chef’s hat. Wearing an equally-infectious smile, the petite mustelid bounded over to the white and black blob of fat, his tail twitching excitedly. “Sounds like you had a whale of a time!” He beamed, patting those wobbly love-handles. 

	Dan snickered and turned towards the otter, his neck rolls bunching up. “You butter believe it! That was one fat-tastic sampler!”

	“I’m beary glad to hear it!” The mustelid was already quick to work on clearing the empty platters, lifting up sections of the panda’s blanket of a belly to pull out any hiding beneath it. “You had me otterly shocked when you asked for one of everything, you know. Was that belch of yours an ursine of fullness?” He asked, gently kneading at the doughy tum before him. 

	Dan grinned proudly and pulled as much of his gut as he could reach back, hearing it slosh and gurgle in his arms. “See all this pandapose? That just means I’m bearly full! Maybe I otter eat some more,” the panda sighed as he leaned back, letting the worker clean up the table. As delighted as Dan was, a flicker of worry did cross his face when he heard his two chairs creak beneath him once again. 

	The otter took his time, both with cleaning up as well as coming up with a retort. “Well… I can’t believe you’re not at maximum fat-pacity...I, uh, otter cook up some more- wait, you just said otter.”

	Dan’s eyes lit up. “I win!” Grinning from ear to ear, the obese panda lifted his flabby arms high in the air in triumph. Unfortunately, that proved to literally be his downfall as his chairs chose a great time to collapse. His right one went first, sending the black and white blob rolling to the side, followed by the left one, leaving him sprawled on his back. 

Dan couldn’t seen much past his wobbling mountain of a gut, although soon he spotted the worried otter’s face looming over him. “Are you alright?” 

The panda shrugged. Aside from the pieces of wood wedged in his back rolls, he felt fine. “A little thick in the stomach maybe, but otherwise fine! I MUSTelid ask, though, if I could weasel in a few more treats out of you? Say, three of everything this time?” He asked, that doofy, adorable grin reappearing on his face. 

The otter rolled his eyes, giving that rising mound of belly a playful shove. “Fine, but only if you promise to knock it off with those dorky puns.”


Dan’s grin grew wider. “Fat chance!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/32358329/