“Woah...you’re ME!” 

	Chiin had been anticipating this moment for a while now, and he certainly wasn’t disappointed. He sat forward in his office chair, observing the two nearly-identical hybrids interacting with each other, their green eyes wide with shock and curiosity. 

	It was only yesterday when the obese wolf battled with Denya: a small yet powerful warrior who gave Chiin a hard time. Hell, if FA hadn’t stepped in to stop the fight, Chiin might not have been here to tell the tale! Despite having such incredible strength, the hybrid looked and acted like a mere child, to the point where the wolf wondered if it was all just an act. 

	He knew the other Denya well enough to assume it wasn’t, however. The other Denya, being somewhat older, taller, and of course much fatter than his warrior counterpart. Even with the age advantage, the fatter hybrid still acted like an airhead from time to time, sometimes forgetting orders seconds after being given them. Heck, he still gets lost in the factory from time to time. However, he didn’t contain any strange powers or hidden strength, at least to Chiin’s knowledge. 

	“You’re overthinking things, Chiin.” 

	The grey wolf looked back to find FA smirking down at him, the impossibly obese red panda crossing his thick arms across his doughy chest as he leaned back in his padded chair, ignoring the ensuing squeaks. “Just relax and watch things play out. It’s much less stressful than trying to figure out everything on your own.” 

	Chiin opened his mouth to object, but sighed and shook his head. He was still tired and sore from that battle, it honestly didn’t matter where the other Denya was from anymore. Still, he was shocked at just how similar the two looked! Granted, there were a few differences here and there, but when it came to fur, hair, and eye color, they were practically the same! Their voices were surprisingly similar as well; even their blue tattoos were identical! 

	He took his mentor’s advice and watched the two hybrids examine each other curiously. Hybrid Denya had to look up somewhat to meet Fatty Denya’s gaze. He must have noticed the blonde fuzz on the taller draolf’s muzzle, for he himself rubbed at his chin as if expecting to find some there. 

	Fatty Denya, however, was more curious about his smaller counterpart’s wings and how, even when folded back, they still poked out to the sides of Hybrid Denya’s back! The larger hybrid’s wings were hilarious small in comparison, hardly able to reach out past his flabby flanks even when fully extended. “Hey...how’d you get your wings so big?” 

	Hybrid Denya responded by poking the exposed grey belly in front of him. “I’ll tell you if you tell me how your belly got so big.” 

	Fatty Denya shrugged. “Alright. I eat a lot of food. Your turn.” 

	“...Wait, I didn’t think that through, can we have a redo?” 

	“Yeah, sure.” 

	It was like watching two toddlers interact with each other for the first time. Chiin would have laughed at the endearing sight if one of them wasn’t a full grown adult and the other one hadn’t almost bent him into a pretzel just the other day.. He suppressed a chuckle as they took a look at each other’s tails, noting how Hybrid Denya didn’t have the boney spikes like Fatty Denya did. 

	Eventually, though, Chiin had to speak up. “So you guys haven’t...met before?” 

	Both Denya’s turned towards him, equally confused. Fatty Denya spoke up. “Not at all! I mean, when you called me here to say you found my younger brother, I had no idea what you were talking about. I’m an only child!” 

	“Yeah, and my brother isn’t fat!” 

	Fatty Denya rolled his eyes. “ I have other qualities besides being fat, ya know. I mean, I’m older, I’m taller, I’m…” 

	“Fatter?”

	“Yeah..I mean no! Shut up!” Fatty Denya huffed at Hybrid Denya, who stuck out his tongue impishly in return. Chiin scratched his head. Were they really not related? Behind him, he could hear FA laughing jovially throughout the entire exchange. At least he was enjoying himself. 

	The larger hybrid’s brows furrowed as he turned back towards his smaller counterpart. “Wait, you have a brother? Is he a hybrid too?” 

	Hybrid Denya shook his head. “Nah, he didn’t need to be. He’s much more stronger than I am.”

	“Woah!” Fat Denya’s eyes widened with shock and awe while Chiin’s eyes widened with horror. The tubby dragon wolf wagged his large tail eagerly. “I’d love to meet him someday! You think he might have ended up here too?” 

	The hybrid shrugged. “Maybe? I mean, he came back from Hell just fine, after all, so I don’t think he’d have much trouble making it here.” 

	“From...Hell?” Fatty Denya blinked, his smile fading. 

	“Yeah. Hell. He died about a year ago, then came back.”

	This time, it was Fat Denya’s turn to exchange a very nervous look with Chiin. He dropped his voice to a whisper, holding up a paw to block his muzzle from the other Denya’s vision. “Is he...on drugs?”

	“Not a clue,” Chiin shook his head. 

	“Well, I’d say we can wrap things up shortly.” 

	Chiin turned towards FA, who clapped his paws together. “Looks like they’re pretty well acquainted now, wouldn’t you say?” 

	The wolf folded his ears, turning from FA back to the draolves, who were now counting and comparing each other’s teeth (Hybrid Denya’s were slightly sharper, no surprises there). “What do you mean?” 

	FA chuckled, his great gut jostling like a big bowl of Jell-O against his desk. “Isn’t it obvious? Why else would I bring him to my office, where literally every employee starts out at?” 

	A massive weight just dropped in Chiin’s stomach, his face turning a few shades whiter. “Don’t tell me…” 

	But he was ignored as the red panda called out to the hybrids. “Hey, small one! You ready to repay all the damage you’ve caused?” 

	Hybrid Denya quickly turned away from Fatty Denya after comparing what Chiin?hoped was their tail sizes and nodded curtly. “Y-yes, sir.” Chiin shook his head. All FA did was yell at him earlier, yet now the younger draolf was horrified of him! Not fair…

	FA grinned. “Good. As of today, you are now an official Fattoid employee. Fat one is gonna show you the ropes, alright?”

	Fatty Denya blinked. “I am?” 

	Chiin blinked. “He is?” 

	“Of course!” FA rolled his eyes. “I figured he would learn better if he’s paired with someone he somewhat knows, even if that someone is himself. Of course, you could always volunteer to teach him yourself, considering you two have some history now.” 

	The fat wolf swallowed nervously. “I’m...gonna have to decline.” 

	The red panda winked, “I figured.” 



Sorta a sequel to this http://www.furaffinity.net/view/31484211/

So, ever since I was a fur (well, a fat fur specifically), I loved the idea of Denya being all big and cuddly, but I...how do I put this. I didn't like the image it made for him, if that made sense. Hybrid Denya was something kinda serious I put a lot of time and effort into writing, so turning a character I've spent years on trying to perfect into a big fatty goofball kinda felt off. 

So I made a second Denya, a bigger fatter one that's more a reflection of my own personality, or at least how I like to view myself :p

I also made a handful of changes to differentiate them. Hybrid Denya has a slightly flatter tail, but no spikes on it nor his wings. He's also younger, roughly 17 in fact, and a fair bit shorter than Fatty Denya (he's like, I dunno, 5' 7?) 

Fatty Denya is 6 feet tall, has those spikes, and is obviously much fatter. Personality wise, they're both awkward and oblivious, but Fatty Denya can at least get by on his own. You kiiinda need to watch over Hybrid Denya a bit, heh. 

Drawn by  fattoid who did an excellent job! Thank you so much <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33036732/