It seems as though Denya and Rangavar were successful in getting Arro to stuff himself into a mini food coma. What will they do now that they're not under the scrutiny of the doughy drake? Talk about their feelings for him, of course! And more drinks. Maybe a few too many. 

Don't pay any heed to the big heart on the logo. Outside of the swearing, this is very much a SFW chapter :3

 Rangavar is co-writer and co-fatty. 7.5k words.

 We hope you enjoy it~



Seeing Arro start to go down, Denya eased up on his sandwich consumption, if only barely. He still had to sound normal, even if the dragon couldn’t hear him, and he figured his most normal-sounding noise was of him, well, eating. Of course, he took a few sips of beer here and there as well; he was here to have fun, after all. 

	The only problem was: he was getting really damn full!

	The hybrid stifled a belch in his arm after yet another beer and sandwich combo, huffing slightly. His swim trunks were starting to feel tight, er, tighter around his waist. Hopefully his cool dinosaur suspenders would still fit him properly after this; it’d be humiliating if the dinosaurs lost just like the planets did last week. Cramming the last of his ‘wich down, Denya slowly leaned towards Rangavar, watching Arro closely. “Now what?” 

	Rangavar watched the sleepy dragon as he sat hugging his knees. “Well, we don’t have to worry about him getting mad over beer.” The corner of his mouth quirked up. Then he glanced up the beach. “You know, we could always go get a real drink while he’s out. He can’t stop us. I mean, or we could finish up the rest of the beer and I don’t know, bury him in the sand or something.” He paused, thinking for a moment. “We could do that while getting real drinks too I suppose.”

	It took Denya longer than he cared to admit to realize that ‘burying Arro in the sand’ wasn’t the same as ‘burying him alive’. Rangavar scared him sometimes. “Are you sure we won’t get in trouble?” the draolf asked, folding his ears. “I mean, we could, we’d just have to make sure we only get a couple drinks. Arro would probably suspect something if we came back a little too tipsy, ya know?” 

	“Pshht. ‘Get in trouble’. We’re grown ass men.” Rangavar waved a paw dismissively. “We won’t actually get drunk anyway. It’s true last time we drank a bit too much, but sometimes, stuff like that just happens. We just won’t drink as much this time. Problem solved.” In reality, he knew that he was genuinely feeling tipsy right now. But he wouldn’t drink that much more. He just knew that he deserved a real drink. And Denya, too. The hybrid sounded like he really needed to get out more. Rangavar’s sharp eyes scanned the upper slope of the beach for the quickest direction to the nearest seaside bar. He pointed. “That one. Let’s go.”

	“Sounds good to me.” Denya grinned. Yeah, they just had to practice a bit of self restraint when they got their drinks. They both knew how much it took to get them plastered from last time, so they just had to drink one less than that, right? Yeah, that makes sense. Besides, he was already feeling a bit of a buzz. He wouldn’t drink more than one or two, for sure. 

	So, he happily trotted along with his thinner friend, his tail swishing against the sand beneath him. As they drew closer, the canine’s sensitive snout picked up the distinct aroma of fish and shrimp on a grill. He hummed softly. “Shoot. I kinda wish I hadn’t eaten all those sandwiches now. I could reeeeeally go for some shrimp tacos. Any more food though and you’ll have to roll me back home,” he snickered, patting his rotund middle. 

	Rangavar stared in the direction of the scent with his ears pricked curiously. “I sort of want one too,” he said slowly. He glanced back at Denya. “You know, I bet getting just one wouldn’t hurt. And it would be a great time to get a drink, too.” Without waiting for a response, Rangavar began walking more quickly towards the bar. The fish tacos did look good. “Did you know, that, drinking alcohol is like, a free pass to eat whatever you want?” he told the hybrid as they approached. “Especially the morning after.”

	“Seriously?” The draolf asked incredulously. He had never paid much attention to how much or what he ate to begin with, but hearing Rangavar’s explanation certainly perked his ears up. “So, like, it’d be alright to get a taco for every drink we get here? And then again the next day but without the drinking?” His tail wagged at the notion as he walked onto the patio of the bar, the wood creaking beneath the fat hybrid’s steps. 

	“Yeah. You can like… Okay, listen. Now you can learn from a professional.” Rangavar clambered onto one of the nearby stools. No reason to stand around. And he didn’t exactly want to carry a drink back to where Arro was waiting. “Okay. So when you drink, you need to eat a lot of food, so that you can drink more.” That was how that worked. “And then, the next morning, you just eat until you stop feeling hungover. And water. That’s really important. But like, food makes everything better.” That sounded right. “It absorbs the alcohol or something. Something like that.” Yeah. Something like that. He nodded at Denya and leaned back. “Any questions?”

	“I didn’t know that!” Denya exclaimed. He hopped onto his own barstool, his doughy ass and sides spilling over the comparatively small stool. No wonder Arro could hold his own with alcohol so well. He wiggled himself closer into the bar shelf, his belly pressing against the counter. “I wish I had known that sooner. I totally would have beaten you in that drinking contest last week!” he exclaimed. He absolutely would have had the edge on the smaller dragon, who looked as though he could barely finish an entire meal on his own. 

	“Uhhhh no way,” Rangavar scoffed. “Look, I’m a species of dragon that has a very high tolerance to alcohol. I can drink a LOT. And, don’t, listen to Arro. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. I can drink more than him, actually. We’ve, tried it.” Rangavar had to admit that he was feeling the beers from earlier, but he’d already had wayyy more than Denya today so far, so that only made sense. He was obviously the better drinker. “Like, Arro and I drink, and we’ve been drunk.” That sentence definitely made sense in his head. He glanced off at the beach for a second and frowned. Did it make sense out loud, though? He wasn’t unaware of the buzz. Although he was certain one more real, actual drink couldn’t hurt. He’d do it for Denya. Yeah. For Denya. 

	He shook his head slightly and turned back to the bar. He glanced at the hefty hybrid. “I think I’m going to have sex on the beach. You?”

	Denya nearly fell out of his stool. He inhaled so quickly, a bit of saliva was sent down his throat, making the hybrid cough and gag for a moment. “You’re gonna...you’re gonna what?” he asked in between bouts of panting. 

	Rangavar pointed a finger at the menu, and Denya looked over, before blushing. “Oh...it’s vodka.” He cleared his throat and sat upright, his wings folded shyly along his back. Hopefully he didn’t sound too startled just now. “Y-yeah, that looks good, actually. I’ll have...some sex on the beach, too.” 

	They started on the tacos as the bartender started on their drinks. Rangavar passively watched as Denya began scarfing up the food. “It’s so cool that you’re like, you’re just okay, with eating a lot.” he said. Wait. Was that rude? “I mean, already being fat, and all.” Wait. Shit. THAT was probably rude. Fuck, maybe the drinks were actually getting him after all. He decided to start over. “I mean, it’s great when fat guys eat a lot even though they’re fat.” Shit, that hadn’t come out quite right either. Fuck. Vaugh dammit.

	He both didn’t need any more drinks, and also REALLY needed that drink right about now. “Ach. Sorry.” He put a paw on his forehead and leaned into it. “I just, I wish Arro was okay with being fat like you.” Wait. Rangavar groaned and decided to give up.

	Denya had to bite his tongue to stop himself from laughing. It was hilarious watching Rangavar act so embarrassed over his words like Arro. Was this only when the little dragon started drinking? 

	Wiping any crumbs from his chubby muzzle, Denya scooted his creaking stool closer to the gray drake. Smiling, he wrapped a broad arm around Rangavar’s slender shoulders, pulling his friend into his squishy sides for a quick side-hug. “Rangavar, you don’t have to be embarrassed calling me fat. It doesn’t bother me in the slightest, honest.” 

	With his free paw, he reached for the last of his taco, taking a quick bite before continuing. “I don’t know why people like Arro are so concerned about being big, honestly. I mean, sure, you take up more space than usual, but it’s not like you’re bowling into people intentionally, right? Honestly, I think it’s kinda fun, being all heavy and soft. ‘Course, I have been telling Arro I was dieting and trying to lose weight for a while,” he added, stuffing the last of the taco into his maw. Fuck, that was good.

	The hybrid slowly retracted his arm when he realized he was still hugging Rangavar, blushing softly. “But, yeah, being fat isn’t something to be ashamed of, I think. Besides, some of my favorite people just so happen to be pretty chunky.” He winked. 

	“I keep telling Arro that,” said Rangavar around a mouthful of taco. He swallowed. It was really good. “To like, stop being all embarrassed about it. He’s already super attractive. What more could he want?” His shoulders felt cold now that Denya had stopped hugging them. He stared at his drink as the bartender put in on the table in front of him. He wished that Arro knew how attractive he was. “Maybe it’s better if he doesn’t realize how cute he is,” Rangavar mused quietly, mostly to himself. “He’s way out of my league.”

	“Hey, don’t say that!” Denya huffed. He wasn’t sure if he should wrap Rangavar in another awkward side-hug again, so he decided to gently rub the skinny dragon’s back, right beneath the base of his wings. “You two are great for each other, really! Arro talks about you lots at work; in fact, he’s actually afraid you’re out of his league! You’re a strong, confident, capable guy; anyone would be lucky to have you.” Denya felt his heart rate quicken when he realized he meant every word he said. 

	Not wanting to make this situation more awkward, he turned to examine his own drink. This “Sex on the Beach” drink was really pleasing to look at: A colorful swirl of reddish-orange ingredients in a large highball glass, with a squeeze of orange attached to the rim. The hybrid picked up the orange to take a large bite out of it before sipping at the drink, humming. “Mmm, this is really good! I didn’t think alcohol could taste so sweet!” 

	Rangavar snorted. He finally took a sip of his own drink. It was as good as he’d hoped for. “It is really sweet,” he agreed. Especially compared to all of the beer. 

	He glanced back at Denya. The hybrid was rubbing that spot between his wings that usually made him fall asleep. He was tempted to ask him to stop, but it felt sooooo good. “I have trouble understanding why Arro would say those things, but thanks.” Right now, he was pretty sure he was having trouble understanding a lot of things. He felt warm from the drinks. And the heat of the beach. And the draolf’s large, furry presence. “I just, want him to be happy, you know?”

	“Yeah, I getcha.” Denya nodded. He slowly retracted his paw from the dragon, feeling his fingers trail along those large, gray wings. “He’s a super great guy. I’m so lucky he ended up being my mentor at work, and that I got to hang out with you guys. You’re both a ton of fun.” The draolf took another sip of his drink, ears folding. Would Arro get mad if he found out they went to the bar without him? His tail coiled around the barstool nervously. “We should do something super nice for Arro sometime. Do you know what kinds of things he likes? Like, going to a buffet or something?” he asked curiously. Maybe it was a bit presumptuous for him to assume Arro liked buffets, although he was well aware the big dragon loved eating. 

	“Yeah, he likes that.” Rangavar sipped on his drink. He looked out over the beach as he said it, although he couldn’t quite see Arro from here. His pale-reddish scaly hide was probably blending into the sand. Well, into the sandhills, more likely. “He also likes video games and stuff like that. But he really, REALLY enjoys food.” It was true. 

	“I can tell.” Denya nodded. That probably wasn’t the nicest thing to say, but it wasn’t like it was a big secret Arro was a big eater anyways. “I’m not all that good at video games, though. The only one I’m good at is the one where you have to steer with the plastic wheel.” Denya pantomimed the steering motions with his wrists, jiggling his side rolls. 

	When the feline barkeep walked by, Denya perked up and requested another taco, as well as two more Sex on the Beaches. He grinned at Rangavar. “That’s for showing me a great time and a great drink. It’s only if you want it, though. I’ll drink it if you’ve had enough.” 

	“Oh. Another for me?” Denya was being so nice to him. Denya was nice. “Okay. Yeah. Great.” He was pretty sure it would be rude to turn it down. That was definitely the reason he didn’t turn it down.

	He sipped more slowly on it when it appeared in front of him, wondering if he should have offered to buy Denya a drink. Maybe he really was being rude. It suddenly occurred to him that Arro wasn’t over here drinking with them, either. “Think we should buy Arro a drink?” he asked. He wondered if it might make the large dragon feel more relaxed. Rangavar was feeling more than relaxed right now. He looked back down at the drink, twirling it. 

	Denya had also said that if Rangavar didn’t drink the second one, then he would drink it himself. Rangavar supposed that meant Denya could use another drink or so. It would be fun if Arro drank with them. Although, Rangavar admitted that he should probably cut himself off. Or he could try to eat more tacos to counteract the effects. Maybe both.

	Denya took a quick swig of the drink, smiling. He, too, was feeling more relaxed with every sip. He couldn’t be getting drunk, though. That felt completely different at the Olive Garden than what he was feeling right now. 

	He cleared his throat. “Yeah, uh, yeah. We should get Arro something. Do you know what his favorite drink is?” he asked while looking at the drink menu. There was a huge variety of drinks available; if only there were alcohol-free versions so Denya could try one of everything. 

	“It’s beer.”

	They startled at the gruff voice behind them. Rangavar turned to see the obese dragon behind them with his arms crossed over his pudgy chest, just above his belly. “I can’t leave you two alone for two seconds, can I. I thought we were all relaxing on the beach and then next thing I know, you’re up here slamming down alcohol that I’ll have to deal with later.”

	Rangavar thought he was overreacting. Even if it was true he did feel a little lightheaded. He held up his glass. “Want one?”

	If Arro facepalmed any harder, he’d punch a hole through his head. “Not really my point, Rangavar!!” He turned his glare on Denya. “And stop encouraging him!” 

	“Just, come have a drink with us. Really, Arro,” Rangavar pleaded. “Just, please have a good time?”

	Arro sighed. “Alright, FINE. But both of you need to drink way, way less than the last time we all hung out.”

	“We already are!” Denya exclaimed as Arro came forward, ears folding. “All we had were those few beers on the beach, and two, erh...two Sex on the Beaches.” Saying that name out loud was so embarrassing, especially in front of Arro. “Do you want one, too? Want some Sex on the Beach?” 

	The larger drake sighed in defeat. It was true. He did want to have a good time. His gaze shifted suspiciously between them, but as long as they didn’t end up drunk…

	He came over to the bar and sat, praying to Vaugh that the stool would hold up beneath his weight. And also not become entirely engulfed by it. “Alright. I’ll have some sex on the beach,” he repeated back, noting Denya’s amusement with the name. He had to admit it was a pretty interesting name.

	“Yessss!” Denya grinned, patting the dragon’s broad back as he sat next to him. Truthfully, he was still somewhat terrified of Arro after the dragon figured out they had left so quickly, but he was delighted to see the fatter drake was willing to forgive them and even join them for some drinks. “Thanks for joining us, dude. This one’s on me. I’ll order you one as soon as the barkeep comes back.” 

	Thankfully, they didn’t have to wait long as the feline soon rounded the corner, carrying Denya's third fish taco. Oh right, he had forgotten he had ordered another. After asking for yet another Sex on the Beach, the hybrid lifted the large meaty taco, grinning at Arro. “See? You don’t have to worry ‘bout me being too drunk or anything. Rangavar told me that if you eat a lot when you drink, the food, uh...it, makes the alcohol less potent?” Was that right? That sounded like what Rangavar said. The draolf shrugged. “And I’ve, like, eaten a tooooon already. I won’t be getting drunk anytime soon.” He snorted, patting his round stuffed gut. He wasn’t sure how much more he could stuff into that thing, yet he took a large bite out of his taco regardless. These tacos were to die for. 

	With a sigh, Arro rolled his eyes. “That’s not exactly how that works, bud.” He reached for the drink Denya had ordered him. He really, really needed one about now himself. 

He watched Denya quickly getting to work on his next as well. Rangavar, thankfully, was working on a taco. He wondered exactly how many beers he’d had on the beach while watching him and Denya build sandcastles. He already knew that asking wouldn’t get him an answer.

	Hmm. Speaking of tacos, Arro ordered some of those, too. That sounded good right about now. Especially since he was planning to get a few extra drinks for himself.

	“Yeah, these tacos are great.” Denya smirked when he saw Arro order some for himself as well. They were super tasty; he wondered if they caught the fish right off the coast. “Fishing sounds like fun. We should try that sometime,” the hybrid thought out loud, right before ordering another drink. And one more taco. 

	Even while they ate in relative silence, Denya was grateful for the company. He loved getting a chance to be with the two taller dragons, all bickering aside. He also knew that said dragons also loved being with each other; he just wished there was a way to get them to realize how much one cared about the other. Arro is worried he’s not good enough for Rangavar at work, while Rangavar just now admitted he believed Arro to be in a completely different league. Denya seemed to be the only one there who realized they were perfect for each other, two halves of the same coin. He just wondered where he himself fit into it all. If at all.

	Denya gulped down the last of his taco and leaned forward to drain the remainder of his drink before wincing in pain. His stomach, swollen from untold amounts of food, was digging painfully into the counter. “H-hurf, I, uh...I think that’s it for me.” Denya huffed, patting the top of his gut. “I mean, I wanna keep eating, but I feel like I’m gonna pop...like, I’m super full...seriously, look at this.” 

	He hefted his great white gut into his arms, then scooted forward in his stool, before dropping the armful of flab onto the counter itself with enough force to rattle his almost-empty drink. The Vaugh damn gut looked more like an overfilled beach ball, although the dozens of layers of blubber prevented it from feeling like one. He panted softly and scritched along the side, grateful that his thick fur helped to hide any stretch marks. “Is there a place we could hic get massages at or something? I could really use a good belly rub.” 

	Arro glanced around at the confused faces of furs wondering about the draolf flopping his gut on the counter where everyone was eating. “Maybe we should go lie down,” he said quickly. Arro downed the rest of his drink and decided that maybe it would be best to just get one to go. “Then you can, uh, massage your belly, or something.” 

	Rangavar didn’t need a drink to go. He wanted to lie down. Maybe he’d grab a beer later. He tried to hop up from the seat, which turned out to be a mistake, since he stumbled and fell partially onto Denya, bouncing against the soft ball of lard.

	Denya grunted, before belching as his gut was shuffled about. The initial impact the dragon caused hurt like hell, but that burp actually made some space in his painfully stuffed stomach! Rangavar was so useful, even if he was pretty drunk. 

	“Do you need a bit of help, bud?” The draolf giggled. It was nice being sober enough to enjoy seeing the thin dragon being so tipsy, even if the hybrid was fairly buzzed himself. Scooting back enough for his belly to plop onto his lap again, the draolf wrapped a thick arm beneath Rangavar’s arms, letting the thinner drake lean against him. “I gotcha, dude. This is for helping me last week.” He grinned. He was enjoying this a bit more than he should. 

	“Yeah… ugh… thanks.” Rangavar hadn’t quite felt the alcohol this hard until he stood up, of course. Although he’d already known he shouldn’t have had that last drink. He needed to learn to say no. It was hard to say no when someone else was offering.

	He let himself nuzzle into Denya’s warm, squishy body as they walked, vaguely aware of Arro following when he grabbed some more drinks to take with them. 

	The larger dragon was watching the two significantly shorter drakes with a touch of amusement as they leaned on each other and stumbled back onto the sand. He was just glad they’d agreed to leave with all of their clothes intact. Since they were both shirtless from the day at the beach anyway, there wasn’t a whole lot of clothing to spare.

	The way back to their umbrella was a bit farther than Denya recalled, although he did have Rangavar in tow. The two dragons’ tails dragged in the sand as he lumbered back, the hybrid letting the drake lean against him. While not completely drunk, the canine was admittedly more tipsy than he cared to admit, especially to Arro right behind him. There were some times where the two stumbled to one side a bit, but hey; at least Denya had yet to fall onto his ass and require Arro’s aid to get himself back up, right? This was already going much better than their Olive Garden escapade.

	Once back at the umbrella, Denya dumped Rangavar by his towel before stepping towards his. He let out a yawn. The he figured the beach was as exhausting as it was exciting . He collapsed onto his rear on his towel, leaning back to give his bloated belly room. “Phew, we made it, and I didn’t even take my shirt off this time,” he chuckled, patting his middle. If he had been wearing one of his shirts, it’d most likely be riding up by now with how packed his stomach was.

	“Technically, very true,” Arro agreed with the shirtless drake. He plopped himself on one of the towels while reaching towards the nearest of the coolers for a beer. He felt a bit relieved that the situation was under control, but still wanted to relax and enjoy himself a bit. He felt like he earned it. 

	Denya was tempted to grab a beer for himself, but he knew he had enough. Any more and he might do something really embarrassing. Last thing they needed was another situation like last week’s, but on a private beach. 

	So, he sat back and nursed his bloated belly, watching while Arro drank a beer and Rangavar laid in a semi-comatose state on his blanket. Denya swore he just saw Rangavar shiver just now. Poor little guy was probably cold; he didn’t have the luxury of carrying around plenty of insulated blubber like the other two dragons. Of course, the hybrid couldn’t blame him. It was still a bit chilly, despite the sun being directly overhead. 

	Just then, the draolf perked up, sitting upright as quick as his tubby self could manage. “Oh, a bonfire! We’re still gonna do one of those, right? With s’mores and stuff?” he asked, swishing his chunky tail across the sand behind him. 

	Arro put a paw on his chin and glanced around. The paw without the beer, of course. It looked like a lot of people had left the beach as the powerful midday sun crept slowly towards dinnertime over the past several hours. If not many people were around, he didn’t really see the problem with it. Dragons fucking loved fire. “I mean, sure, I’m in if you are.”

	“I’m definitely in!” Denya beamed as he rolled himself back onto his feet, waddling to his cooler. “We used to do bonfires all the time back home, too. There’s this area we call The Pit just for that kind of stuff. Trin would bring his guitar, and-” the hybrid went on and on. He knew he was rambling a bit, but he was looking forward to performing one of his favorite pastimes with his new best friends. It would feel like bringing a piece of his home to them, although bonfires were not obviously exclusive to Denya’s home town. 

	Reaching in, the draolf grabbed at several packets of marshmallows, smores, and graham crackers, producing them to show the other dragons. “Mmm, I love bonfires! It’s gonna be even better here, cuz we might not accidentally set stuff on fire this time,” he chuckled. Then, he paused, folding his ears. “Sand doesn’t catch on fire, right?” 

	“Uh, not that I’m aware of,” Arro shrugged. “Usually people throw sand on it to put it out afterwards.” He pushed himself up straight as he finished his beer and tossed it into the sand nearby. He idly reached for another. There were still plenty left. He figured that was a good thing, since he could keep track of how much the other drakes had had. Although he couldn’t have done anything about their time at the bar. Other than not falling asleep, of course, but he wouldn’t think about that part. “Wanna go grab some of that tall, dry grass along the beach and I’ll make a hole?” Taking a swig of his new beer, he was already pushing himself up so that he could do so, despite feeling sluggish with the amount of food packed into him by now. His gut sat heavily on his legs, and definitely fought with gravity as he got up on his knees to put his drink in the sand and shuffle over.

	He swept his paws over a relatively clear area away from their umbrella and started to clear out some of the sand to make an indent.

	Denya struggled similarly when he bent over to pluck at the dried grass, his heavy and bloated gut getting in the way. With all the excess weight on him, the hybrid could feel his knees getting sore just from bending over, requiring him to pause for a moment to straighten his legs out again. Sheesh, who would have thought getting fat meant it would be harder moving around? He had no idea how Arro managed to move around so well, despite the fatter dragon struggling with tight spaces. 

	With a sizable collection of dried grass tucked in his fatty arms, the draolf quickly lumbered back to inspect the hole Arro was digging. “Will these do?” 

	“Sure.” Arro gratefully took the grass and began to fluff it at the bottom. “Can you go grab some sticks and, uh, larger wood?” He watched as the draolf heavily lumbered off through the sand again, his swollen waistline pressing at the seams of his swimtrunks.

	Unaware that he was being looked at, Denya reached around back to grab at his swim pants’ waistline, bunching up his side rolls while doing so. He was doing a heck of a lot more walking today than he had the past couple months. It felt good to finally get some of his pent up energy out, and while he did miss playing football and other sports with his friends, just sitting and talking with friends definitely wasn’t bad either. 

	Thankfully, there was a slightly wooded area close to the beach that Denya could access with ease. Finding large dead branches wasn’t a problem in the slightest. Soon, the hefty hybrid came back lugging back a thick bundle of dried wood, as well as a few long, slender branches they could use for the marshmallows. 

	Arro sat back and watched as Denya dumped the armful on top of the grass. Arro’s belly impeded him slightly as he leaned forward, but he quickly began to arrange the sticks and wood the way that he wanted them. He grabbed a match from the packet in Denya’s things. The hybrid really had thought of everything. 

	Arro blew gently on the fire as it smouldered the grass and grew to a much larger flame. To make a roaring bonfire, they would need more wood, but it was a start. And it was definitely enough of a fire to roast an early marshmallow or two.

	As soon as he saw fire, Denya beamed and shuffled his way towards it, bringing with him his s’mores ingredients. He handed Arro his own stick, while impaling two whole marshmallows on his, before sitting and holding it over the fire. “Mmm, I haven’t done this since highschool. This takes me back,” he chuckled, looking intently at his slowly-toasting marshmallows with a surprising amount of concentration. This was quite important, after all. 

	However, he couldn’t help but glance back at Rangavar, folding his ears at the sight of the curled up dragon. “Does Rangavar like s’mores? Should we wake him up?” 

	“I mean…” Arro supposed it would be pretty unfair to not invite him to s’mores. “I guess we can at least ask.” He looked pretty peaceful as he lay there out cold, but maybe the food would sober him up a bit. He could probably stand to eat more. He was the only one here not bursting out of his swim trunks anyway.

	Arro sidled over and gave the sleeping dragon a nudge. “Hey. Buddy? We’re making s’mores. You want any?”

	He was rewarded with a groggy groan. The dark gray dragon opened his eyes and slowly lifted his head. “Hmm?”

	Arro experimentally poked him with the end of his marshmallow stick. 

	“Ach!”

	“Do you want one or not?” Arro watched in amusement as his boyfriend rolled over for a moment to stretch, unfolding his sandy wings.

	The other dragon finally pushed himself up into a sitting position and wiped some stray sand from the side of his face. “I guess.”

	Denya beamed. “Great! I got a stick with your name on it.” Well, his name wasn’t really on it. What were the odds that a stick would have someone’s full name etched into the wood anyways? He supposed some couples liked to etch their initials in a tree with a heart around it as a sign of eternal love or something. Did Arro and Rangavar do something similar in the past?

	Would Denya be able to squeeze his initials in the heart?

	He shook his head, trying to regain focus. Rocking anxiously in the sand, he turned his attention back on the marshmallows. 

	They were on fire. 

	“Ah, ah!” Denya quickly pulled them in to blow on them. Fortunately, a couple quick puffs were able to put out the flames, revealing two rather crispy marshmallows. At least the interior looked fine. 

	He chuckled. “Good start. They look like little volcanic rocks, heh.” The draolf scooped off the crispy marshmallows using two graham crackers and a chunk of chocolate before taking a big bite, murring. Burnt or not, there was something magical about s’mores that always made them taste so damn good. 

	Rangavar took the stick and sat with it for a moment while Arro groped around with the bag of marshmallows. He took two for himself and passed the thinner dragon the bag. Rangavar took one. They readily held the sticks over the fire, watching Denya frantically putting out the flames of his own.

	“Sometimes they taste better when they’ve been on fire,” Arro commented.

	“Not true,” Rangavar wrinkled his snout. When his turned golden brown, he removed it and slipped it between the graham crackers and chocolate.

	Arro watched as his own caught on fire. “Coward.”

	Denya preferred his s’mores to be golden brown as well, yet his next several s’mores ended up catching fire as well. He blamed all the alcohol earlier for messing up his judgement and timing. Not because he was sitting right next to Arro again. Not because he could see the light of the fire dancing in the dragon’s large eyes. No, not at all…

	A slight gust of wind blew through, rippling the fire and ruffling Denya’s hair. “Boy, it’s, uh, pretty chilly out,” Denya muttered, despite feeling quite warm. As casually as he thought possible, he shuffled just a few inches closer towards Arro, jiggling his pudgy self. “Mind if I get a little closer? You’re, erh...really hot. Warm! Really warm. But, you’re also hot in the attractive sense and-” Denya suddenly pulled his marshmallow out from the fire and blew out the flames. He was having trouble on two different fronts, it seemed. 

	“Uh… thanks.” Arro pressed his index fingers together. “I, uh, don’t know what that has to do with the weather.”

	“We can all agree that Arro is attractive,” Rangavar piped up suddenly. He ignored the blush that spread across Arro’s chubby cheeks, as he always did. He glanced up at Denya after stabbing another marshmallow. “That’s why you have a crush on him, right?”

	Denya choked on his own s’mores. Fuck, did Rangavar have to bring that up now?! He coughed and grunted loudly, eventually working the large mouthful down his throat. As if being reminded of his stupid drunken comment wasn’t embarassing enough, he had to go and forget how to breathe as well. 

	He huffed and panted softly, looking down at the half-eaten s’mores in his paw. “I-I mean, that’s not the only reason, but…” he took another bite. What was he supposed to say here? 

	Arro wasn’t sure whether to glare at Rangavar or to ask Denya to clarify. Maybe both? He started with Rangavar and curled his lip. “You’re making him feel awkward.”

	When Rangavar didn’t immediately respond, he turned to Denya. “Uh... “ On second thought, he wasn’t really sure what to say to the latter. “I mean, thanks.” That sounded a bit weak. The sentence had included wayyyy more than a compliment. “I mean, I think that you’re attractive. So that’s great.” Wait, did that sound sarcastic? Start over. “It’s okay that you think I’m attractive, I mean.” Okay, back up, that sounded like pity. Arro started to sweat. It didn’t help that he found Denya very attractive too. “I mean-”

	“Say ‘I mean’ one more time,” said Rangavar around a mouthful of smore. Arro shot him a look. Rangavar swallowed. “Why don’t you two just fuckin’ kiss and get it over with?”

	“Rangavar!” Arro hissed, his face burning hot.

	Denya was in a similar boat, his chubby cheeks flushing a bright pink. He’d wanted to kiss that big handsome snoot of Arro’s for weeks now, like he had at the bowling alley, but would it be ok? Would Arro still like him? Arro was looking down at him now. Was he thinking the same thing? Would it-

	He stopped thinking and took action. The draolf quickly sat as high as he could, leaned forward, and gave Arro a quick peck on the lips. It was quick, yet he had to smoosh his flabby middle against the dragon’s plump sides. It was soft. It was warm. It left him wanting seconds. 

	Oh, Vaugh, he kissed Arro! 

	He slumped back in his spot, his heart pounding heavily in his tubby chest. He couldn’t bear to look at Arro after that, feeling all sorts of giddy and lightheaded. Instead, he looked towards Rangavar. “L-like that?” he asked, as if the other dragon was his romance partner. They had both fawned over Arro together several times at this point, anyways. 

	Rangavar smirked at Arro’s expression. “Yeah.”

	Arro put his paws over his cheeks to hide how red they were. He knew that they were. He just knew. He was looking anywhere else but at Denya. He disguised it by glaring daggers at Rangavar. “You shouldn’t- You can’t just-”

	“Why are you so upset?”  Rangavar stabbed another marshmallow. The food seemed to be helping balance the alcohol. He smirked. “You liked it too.”

	“He did?” Denya perked up, glancing back at Arro. “I-I mean, you did?” The draolf’s heart would not stop pounding in his chest. He had assumed the fat dragon’s angry stammering was directed towards him, not Rangavar. 

	The draolf grabbed at his thick wrists awkwardly. “I-I’m, uh...sorry I did that without warning. Did you, uh, wanna try again?” Wow, he sounded presumptuous there. He shook his head. “I-I mean, only if you, uh, actually liked it. I didn’t mean to...uh…” His brain was flatlining hard. He tried to say something. Anything. “I really like you, Arro.” 

	“I mean... “ Arro cast another glare at Rangavar. He figured it was probably negated by what was surely a large blush on his face. “I, uh.” He gulped. He found Denya attractive, but was he really about to say it? Was it the beer? It must be the beer. “I do really like you, Denya.”

	“Adorable.”

	“Shut up, Rangavar.”

	Denya chuckled softly. Suddenly, he found himself struggling to wipe his stupid grin off his face. “So...it’s ok if I…” he asked as he slowly leaned his muzzle closer to Arro’s, their sides rubbing against each other.  

	Arro reclaimed his beer from the sand and downed it, anticipating how that sentence was going to end. Okay if he what? Sat closer? Complimented him? ...Kissed him again..?

	Rangavar put his paws around his snout and stage-whispered. “Kisss himmm backkk.”

	Arro threw the empty beer can at him. Rangavar paused to deflect it, but not before a tiny grin could appear on his face. 

	Arro turned back to Denya. “I am so, so sorry about him.”

	Denya snickered. “I’m not. He’s saying what I’m too afraid to say.” The draolf honestly wasn’t sure whether to shove Rangavar or give him a kiss of his own for being so painfully blunt. But, if Arro was fine with the kiss, if Arro thought he was handsome, if Arro…

	The draolf slowly closed the distance and planted another kiss on that muzzle. He could taste the beer on the dragon’s lips, but that was the last of his worries. He felt so relieved. So free. Finally, those pent up feelings in his chest were being delivered. Everything was right with the world.

	Denya would never forget his first kiss on the beach, in front of a small fire, with the fattest, handsomest, coolest dragon he had ever met. 

	Slowly, Arro kissed back. It felt right, somehow. His belly was leaning into Denya’s as they came closer to each other, but he wasn’t even feeling self-conscious right now. Just… happy.

	When he pulled away, he saw the draolf blushing. Arro knew his own face was blushing. They matched. 

	He turned back to Rangavar, the only drake not blushing. He saw the dragon had been watching. He frowned. “What?”

	Rangavar tilted his head. “You’re so…” For once, he didn’t seem to know what to say. 

	Denya smirked at Rangavar’s comment. He could see the thinner drake was happy for them; he wanted to squeeze the thinner dragon in a giant thank you hug. 

	For now, however, the hybrid didn’t want to lean away from Arro. While their kiss may have ended, the fat draolf continued to gently press himself against the larger dragon, feeling all kinds of warm. Everything had fallen into place for him; there wasn’t a need to be shy about his feelings anymore. He really liked Arro. Arro liked him. Their kiss was proof of that. 

	However, that wasn’t to say the situation wasn’t a bit awkward. 

	“So, erh...what now?” Denya blinked, looking into the fire. “It feels kinda weird to keep eating s’mores after...that,” he laughed. Besides, he was getting pretty damn full again. 

	Denya’s comment reminded Arro of just how full he was feeling, too. He’d gone wayyy overboard. He’d gotten too used to stretching his stomach with snacks and large meals, and today, he’d used every spare inch. The ball of lard on his lap gurgled as he finished the last of his current beer, a pleasant buzz taking away the brunt of the situation at paw. Had he really just told Denya he liked him? Had he really just… kissed him? 

	...Twice?

	Rangavar tossed his poking stick into the fire. He watched it burn, the light of the fire crackling in the reflection of his eyes. “We could just lie here for a while. Or go home. I’m a, uh… a little drunk,” he admitted.

	Arro snorted. “Nooo, you? Never!”

	Rangavar wrinkled his snout. “You’re so mean.”

	“I always tell you not to try outdrinking anyone.” Suddenly, Arro grinned. “Even if you had anything to prove, it’s not like you can.” He pretended not to notice Rangavar make another face.

	He began to pick up some of his own beer cans around him. Whatever they did next, they’d at least need to gather them up. “So… what’s the plan, then?”

	“I dunno.” Denya shrugged, looking at the s’more ingredients. Vaugh, as much as he wanted more, he was feeling painfully bloated. He wasn’t sure he could fit another bite even if he tried. Hopefully Arro forgot that the draolf owed the two of them ice cream. 

	Looking towards Rangavar, the tipsy hybrid grinned. “Well, if Rangavar’s drunk, I think we should head back. Maybe lie down on the pull out bed and watch a few movies.” His grin widened as he rubbed Arro’s belly in small, slow circles. “You know, like last week.” The sober part of him knew he was pushing his luck a bit here, yet the drunk part of him wanted to know just how far he could push it. 

	Arro’s face still felt warm despite the chill. It kept doing that. “I mean…”

	“I could use a bed and a movie,” Rangavar interjected.

	“You could probably use a bed and sleep,” Arro said with amusement. Although he knew that if they went back now, they definitely wouldn’t sleep. 

	Still, he began to kick sand over the fire and pick up trash from around their claimed area of the beach. It was a pretty big area to clean up. It had been covered in a couple of very, very large towels and some very, very large dragons. Arro felt sluggish with all the food as he bent over to pick up sandwich wrappers and soda cans out of the sand, his rolls hanging forward when he leaned down, every inch of his body heavy, but he was also feeling… content. Soon enough, their section of the beach was clear and clean as they trudged back up and got ready for the trip home.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/40607873/