"I want to get bigger."

Denya heard those words ring through his head again and again as he looked down at his mate laying right in front of him, the strong dragonwolf's tail wagging furiously. He had known Zane for well over three years, and not a single day went by without the two of them enjoying each other's company. It felt like life couldn't get better for these two love birds as they spent their time watching movies, playing videogames, streaming art, and more. But the minute Zane said those words, those five amazing, life changing words, did Denya realize how big their relationship had grown. 

Even now, the black and grey dragonwolf found it hard not to blush as he looked down at the bear-lucario, a dorky smile spread across his muzzle. Zane was already quite large in anyone's definition, the black and blue bearcario taking up the vast majority of the king sized bed with his girth alone. His XXXL shirt was having trouble reaching past the widest point of his belly, which bounced and jiggled nearly two feet above the hefty hybrid's muzzle. Naturally, spending almost every night enjoying take out and playing videogames had its consequences, but to Zane and Denya, it was considered a reward.

And they wanted more of it. 

With nonstop breaks, Denya spent the entire day hand-feeding his love everything in reach that was greasy, filling, and laced with calories. French fries, quarter pounders, milkshakes, and more disappeared into the blue beast's gullet as quickly as the dragonwolf tossed them in. The effects of such a massive binge were almost spontaneous, as the massive blue belly slowly rose higher and higher. Zane's sides began to fill up the rest of the bed, before slowly spilling over the large mattress, his arms and legs growing broad and useless, his massive thighs pressing heavily against each other before being hidden completely by his apron of a stomach. It took all of Denya's will power to not hurl himself onto that amazingly soft stomach, but he knew he would get his chance in due time. For now, he just had to make due with watching Zane's rolls grow deeper, or his belly rising higher, or his face growing pudgier. At the end of the day, the bearcario was a literal ball of pure blubber, his tummy close to grazing against the ceiling while his flabby tail wagged weakly inbetween his two massive ass cheeks. With a playful squeal, Denya leaned forward to hug his mate, feeling his upper half sink into the several feet of blubber and fur, squeezing and kneading at all the pillowy lard he could reach, listening to Zane's stomach noisily digest the massive meal. Once he had his fix, the dragonwolf smiled and slowly leaned his muzzle next to Zane's and whispered "My love for you grows everyday."

The next day, the bearcario found himself treated to the sight of a massive hose hanging precariously above his muzzle. Before he could say anything, Denya was right beside him to latch the tube into him, where a steady stream of cream flowed through. Seeing as how he was far too large to even attempt to pull the hose out, Zane smiled and closed his eyes as he enjoyed the delicious milk, his stomach growling for more food even as he drank. In a matter of minutes, the blue blob found his belly pressing against the ceiling, and after a few more minutes, he was crashing through it. Denya was no where to be seen as his weight gain accelerated beyond control, his flab crashing through the walls of his room. The entire three story house slowly filled up with the expanding blue blubber, wrecking havoc in it's wake, until there was nothing left. What was once a large house was instead a big black and blue blob of bear, finishing up the last of whatever was in that hose. Zane let out a large belch as the tube fell from his bloated muzzle, looking down at himself. He was absolutely covered in debris, overflowing the foundation of his home and then some. Heck, he could already feel his mighty love handles flow against his neighbor's home while his semitruck-sized ass squeeze into the apartment behind him. After he had taken stock of his strange new situation, a giant, familiar dragolobo walked towards him to give him a big hug, his lard enveloping Denya almost completely. The now 40 foot dragonwolf smiled as he looked up at the flabby blue lug, the workout of carrying so much food to Zane having caused Denya to spark quite a growth spurt in terms of height and muscle. With a playful smile, Denya leaned forward and whispered to his boyfriend "my love for you grows every day."

It was almost impossible for Denya to find enough food for Zane at this point, seeing as how the bearcario's hunger had grown exponentially, as did his size. With almost no options left, the tall hybrid began scooping up pieces of the neighbor's house instead, hoping the giant chunks of building material would suffice. Needless to say, they did. Zane eagerly gobbled up anything and everything his boyfriend fed him, edible or otherwise. His mighty body continued to swell upwards and outwards, over flowing the streets and buildings with his endless lard. Even with Denya's tall body, he had to climb along the miles and miles of blubber just to feed his mountainous boyfriend. Any buildings that weren't fed to the colossal blob were instead lost beneath the tidal wave of fat, buried beneath endless rolls. Anyone who was (un)lucky enough to escape the avalanche of blubber soon found themselves covered head to toe in silky fur and squishy flab. Even so, after Zane completely covered a city with his body alone, the 100 story-tall Denya would still climb along his mountainous boyfriend and whisper in his ear "My love for you grows every day."

As Zane grew wide, Denya grew taller, the muscular dragolobo becoming strong enough to not only feed his boyfriend entire sky scrapers, but also large chunks of the planet they were inhabiting. The mighty blue blob soon found entire mountains shoved into his gullet, adding more and more to the millions of tons he currently weighed. No matter how tall he grew, however, Zane could never see past his own girth, his flabby cheeks and massive chins dominating most of his view. The only thing left for him to do was to sit back and watch as his girth started it's progress of world domination, all while being told the same words again and again every night: "My love for you grows every day."

Astronauts in space started to feel a little anxious as they watched an unidentifiable black and blue blob start to swell across the planets surface, followed by a massive black and grey dragonwolf ripping out entire chunks of the planet to satisfy said blob's cravings. Denya was soon carrying entire countries over to his mate, where he'd cram the septillion tons of matter down the bluebear's throat. Zane felt himself squirm a bit as his stomach came in contact with the ocean, sending waves of blubber to ripple around his body nearly 5,000 feet high. Each gurgle his stomach made would cause massive earth quakes across the otherside of the planet. It was amazing, to say the least, the feeling of feeling your own body mold around the entire Earth. It only felt more amazing to feel himself covering up more and more of the shrinking planet, his mouth and stomach working nonstop to make his body grow bigger and bigger and bigger... until there was no more.

After a particularly large bite on a certain spherical object, Zane found himself floating around. There was no planet anymore, no more continents or oceans or rocks being thrown into his blobbish mouth. Instead, there was only blue. Blue as far as the eye could see, all in the form of a spherical-ish planet. That, and a giant titan clinging to his trillions of folds, sinking into the belly that stood out thousands of feet. At last, the two beings had grown big enough to stay perpetually together, their gravity strong enough to prevent any form of separation between each other. That special bond only grow stronger as the other planets came to fall into their gravitational field. Zane got to enjoy a tasty dessert as he crunched on Venus and Mars, following it up with drinks from Jupiter and Saturn. His body continued to expand outwards to the cosmos, the long-forgotten moon wedged somewhere in his cavernous belly button. Even as the two mighty hybrids grew thousands and thousands of miles long, even as Denya began feeding Zane entire star systems instead of mere planets, the dragonwolf would always say the same thing to the bluebear after every meal: "My love for you grows every day."



Well this is probably the most fetishy thing I've ever uploaded lol. I mean, what do I even label this? Fat? Macro? Muscle? Vore? I wish there was an all of the above feature sometimes haha.

This is an awesome commission from  flufflestuff featuring me and my loving bluebear  bear.net who's been asking for a story for a while. I tried making this into a speedwrite, but as you can see I'm not so good with short stories. 

I hope you all enjoy <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/20493083/