Well wouldn't you know it, I finally managed to upload a story x.x

I edited this story tons because I was paranoid it wouldn't be good. Thanks for helping Kazan!

Here,  Kazan.k and  dragontzin touch down on a planet to refuel, only to be ambushed by a large group of aliens known as the "Stuffians". They take Tzin to their great hall and prepare a huge feast for him while Kazan stays on the ship and overfeeds himself out of jealousy. I have a feeling some of that food might stick to their waistlines a bit~



	“Attention, First Lieutenant Dragontzin and Second Lieutenant Kazan,” A.A.R.O.N.’s voiced blared through the overhead speakers, causing the two pilots to jolt awake, “We will be entering the atmosphere of OVR-F3D within the hour. Please make your way to the cockpit for entry.”

	Dragontzin snorted and groaned weakly as A.A.R.O.N.'s voice quickly jolted him awake, the lazy dragon opening his eyes to see only darkness. Leaning forward, Tzin immediately felt his book leave his face, landing on his doughy gut with an audible plop. "Darn, morning already?" Tzin lazily grumbled as he slowly stood up, scratching his fleshy back lazily while he waddled to the wardrobe. "It's about time we landed; I thought we were stuck in space forever," the feathered dragon muttered to himself as he pulled his white uniform on… only to notice something was a bit off. Tzin furrowed his brow while he rolled his shoulders around, expecting to meet resistance due to the tight fabric, but instead he was free to move about as he pleased. "Huh, that's odd… guess I lost a bit of weight," the chubby dragon said with a chuckle as he walked out into the hallway, unaware that A.A.R.O.N. changed his wardrobe completely.

	"Hey, Kaz! It's time to go now!" Tzin shouted as he knocked on the co-pilot's door, impatiently tapping his foot as he looked at his wrist watch. "I've been knocking for nearly ten minutes already!"

	"I'm just trying to send an E-mail! You know how slow the internet is in space?" Kazan shouted back as he finally slammed his laptop shut, assuming the message will still arrive even with the laptop closed. Springing out of bed, the tubby wolf quickly ran to his bathroom to speedily brush his teeth, jiggling his flabby arms and chest due to the rapid shaking movement. Taking a quick swig of water, Kazan gargled and spat out the soapy liquid, hurrying back into his room to pull on his uniform. "Alright … I'm done …" the out of shape wolf gasped as he opened the hallway door, doubled over and out of breath.

	Tzin raised an eyebrow when Kazan finally revealed himself, noticing the extra poundage on the wolf's frame easily. "Enjoying the snack bar I see," the feathered dragon said with a grin.

	"You're one to talk, pudgy pilot." Kazan retorted with a similar smile. Chuckling softly, the two lieutenants strolled down the hallway towards the loading deck, Tzin eager to get the job done quickly so he could return to his book. Using the ship's numerous security cameras, A.A.R.O.N noticed Tzin and Kazan continuously tease each other's growing frames, yet neither of them were aware of his own fattened body. "It appears that one is immune to noticing his own weight gain when one is in the presence of another creature he assumes is larger than himself… fascinating," A.A.R.O.N. noted, reminding  himself to make sure the two pilot's weight difference stay as small as possible. 


	"Remind me what we're doing again, Tzin? I sort of forgot." Kazan muttered as he scratched the back of his head, accidently slamming his exposed elbow against the metal doorway. "Ow!"

	"We're refueling, Kaz. We've been over this several times. Bigger ships like these can't make intergalactic trips without refueling every couple weeks. Planet OVR-F3D has some of the largest dark matter mines in the Milky Way. Unfortunately, the indigenous people there tend to be a little stubborn. That's why we brought nearly a thousand pounds of gold with us to barter with them. I hope your haggling skills are good," Tzin informed him, taking the elevator down to the cargo bay. "Good news is the gravity here is a little weaker than Earth's, so walking around won't be as much of a chore for you," The pudgy dragon said with a giggle, referring to Kazan's heavier body.

	"Heh, thanks Tzin. I've been a little forgetful lately." The chubby wolf said as he jumped out of the elevator, trying to test the low gravity. Unfortunately, he underestimated just how little gravity there was, the chubby wolf jumping a little too high up, hitting his head hard against the low metal ceiling. "Yeowch!"

	Tzin whistled as Kazan fell down, noticing a small bump quickly appear right on top of the canine's head. "I think I understand why your memory is a little dull now." 



	With a flick of the switch, the Kestrel's metal flaps slowly flipped open, a large flat ramp leading from the massive ship to the ground. Walking down the ramp, Tzin couldn't help but look around the landing pad with mild confusion. "Hmmm, the grass is yellow…"

	"Astute observation," Kazan sarcastically responded, never missing an opportunity to playfully jab at his co-worker. Despite the remark, however, Tzin continued to stare at the plant life around the landing pad. 

	"The Stuffians are very protective of their plants. It's very rare to see anything withered around here. Something must be distracting them."

	"It could be the new Playstation 20. It just came out yesterday, ya know," the chubby wolf said with a shrug. Before Kazan could continue talking, several small creatures began scurrying over to the two pilots. "Woah, woah, woah!" Kazan yelped as multiple organisms began surrounding the two pilots. 

	"Relax, they're just the natives." Tzin said with a smirk before turning towards the creatures. "Hello! I'm Dragontzin and this is my co-pilot Kazan. Is there someone I can speak to regarding refueling?" Realizing they weren't hostile, Kazan slowly peeked over Tzin's shoulder, the chubby wolf scanning the locals.

	Each of the Stuffians standing before them stood at barely two feet tall. They had short, sky-blue fur  and cloud-white belly fur. Despite their draconic muzzle and tail, Kazan thought they looked more like canines than dragons. What really shocked the wolf, however, was that everyone one of them looked completely identical! From their slightly plump bodies down to their dark green tunics, it was impossible telling them apart.

	After Tzin spoke, all of the furry creatures stopped chattering and stared at him with wide eyes as if witnessing a miracle. Everyone stood there in uncomfortable silence briefly, save for the green dragon's awkward feather rustling. Without warning, a nearby Stuffian pointed a stubby claw at Tzin, shouting "He has feathers!" in a small, childish voice.

	A massive clamor broke out from the furry creatures as they all rushed over towards Tzin, unceremoniously pushing poor Kazan aside. "Wow, he really does have feathers!" "The colors are exactly like I'd imagine they'd be!" "I can tell he even combs them!" The feathered dragon yelped and tried to back away from the oncoming crowd of furry little dragons, blushing a deep shade of red. "Hey, hey, hey!  They're just normal feathers, nothing special." Tzin muttered, secretly appreciating all the affection his feathers were earning him.

	Without warning, one of the Stuffians quickly grabbed Tzin's arm with both paws and began dragging him away, encouraging the others to help push and shove the chubby feathered dragon. "Ay, ay, ay! ¿Donde me llevas? What are you doing!?" Tzin yelled as he was practically lifted off his feet by the smaller creatures, helpless to fight back as he was carried away. Kazan watched with astonishment as his co-pilot was quickly dragged away, feeling slightly left out that he wasn't involved in any of that. Noticing the pilot's mystified expression, A.A.R.O.N quickly appeared next to Kazan, the holographic snake's image flickering slightly due to being far away from the ship. "My apologies for not mentioning this sooner, lieutenant Kazan, but the Stuffians believe in multiple feathered gods and most likely mistaken Tzin as one of them. Fortunately, it looks like a few of them stayed back to help with the refueling process," A.A.R.O.N. quickly mentioned, looking back at the ship. "Let us return to the Kestrel now, there isn’t much else to do here."

	Kazan sighed and nodded solemnly as he slowly wandered back to the ship, his stomach giving out a low growl. Maybe some good food will help fill the empty feeling inside him…



	"You mean to tell me you've mistaken me for your god?" Tzin asked the Stuffian that grabbed his arm, casually munching on a biscuit that was offered to him. "Indeed, I hope you forgive us. We're not usually one to grab strangers and drag them into our house," the little blue dragon responded with an awkward blush as he lead Tzin along a large maze of corridors, taking the larger dragon's claw in hand like a little kid eager to show his dad something he proudly made. Along the way, several other Stuffians accompanied them, offering Tzin a large variety of snacks from biscuits to cupcakes, most of which the chubby dragon accepted eagerly. With a sly smile, the Stuffian who was guiding Tzin stopped and looked up at him right as they reached a giant door, especially compared to how small the Stuffians were. "Again, my apologies for forcing you over here. To properly express out regret for unceremoniously dragging you out here," Wow, he has quite the vocabulary for someone so childish looking, Tzin thought to himself briefly. "We have arranged a small feast for you. When word got out that a feathered being arrived on our small little planet, the cooks quickly scrambled to make you a feast! Even though you aren't a deity, we do believe you'll find our cooking most scrumptious, or my name isn’t Orion!" And with that, the small dragon grabbed the large brass handles and  started tugging as hard as he could, the little Stuffian barely managing to pull the large door open, leaving him hunched over panting for breath. 

	Tzin's jaw dropped once he took a peek inside, the room looking completely massive, even compared to the larger dragon! Nearly everything inside the grand room was decorated with some sort of deep red carpet, as well as outlined with a bright gold metal frame. The furniture, walls, floor, and ceiling all looked much more grandiose due to the royal color patterns. A massive tapestry took up the majority of the space on the wall farthest from Tzin, depicting several different feathered birds with arms raised high, carrying swords, shields, and… was that fried chicken? 

	Tzin's attention to the tapestry was suddenly stolen by the incredibly massive array of food taking up virtually every free space on the table. Plates of turkey, ham, pork, mashed potatoes, and other filling meals presented themselves to the astonished dragon, their combined weight making the table creak. "Dios Mio, that's a lot of food!" Tzin explained as he slowly walked forward to inspect the feast in front of him, the various smells of the freshly prepared food almost overwhelming him.

	"Heheh, it's a bit more than last time, that's for sure," Orion said as he grabbed Tzin's paw again, leading him to the head of the table. "As you can see on the wall, we consider almost anything with feathers to be holy. I'm sure the Lords above have brought you here for a reason, mister Tzin. Please, dine with us."

	"Well…" The tubby green dragon hesitated, feeling somewhat guilty for indulging himself with such heavenly cuisine and leaving Kazan out. Tzin was about to politely tell Orion that he had to get back to his co-pilot until another wave of the heavenly aroma made its way to the large dragon's nose. "Mmmm… sure, why not?" Tzin said with an euphoric smile as he seated himself. Grabbing a fork and knife, the chubby dragon licked his chops with anticipation, not sure what to try and eat first.



	"Mmmf… stupid dragon… leaving me alone while he goes off eating with his new friends… he is eating, right A.A.R.O.N?" Kazan asked in-between large mouthfuls of food.

	The holographic snake nodded slowly. "Affirmative, Captain Kazan. My long-range sensors indicate he is willingly dining with a few of the Stuffians. Is there a problem?"

	"Oh, not really," muttered Kazan as he slumped against the table, waiting for the service bots inside the kitchen to finish making his meal. "It's not like I wanted to be invited to eat with them, or that I wanted to feel like I was part of a big group with lots of friends, which was why I joined the freaking air force in the first place… where's that damn pasta?!" 

	A.A.R.O.N. widened his eyes a bit at the sudden vulgarity, never seeing the chubby wolf look so troubled before. Before the holographic snake could reply, several small service robots appeared bringing a tray of spaghetti for Kazan, as well as a bread roll and a glass of Mountain Dew. As if he hadn't eaten in days, the tubby wolf quickly began scarfing down his food, shoving entire forkfuls into his gullet and swallowing them without even a single chew. To A.A.R.O.N's amazement, he managed to chow through an entire meal in three minutes! Seizing a napkin with clenched fists, Kazan dabbed at any spaghetti sauce hanging on his whiskers before throwing it on the floor, a nearby service robot quickly zooming in to pick it up. "I could barely even taste that! Cook something else that's not so bland next time."

	A.A.R.O.N. nodded slowly as several service robots went back into the kitchen, making a small racket to cook something up for the angry wolf. The holographic snake was well aware that stress and sadness can easily cause someone to stress eat quite a bit, but this was something else! Perhaps now would be a good time to test Kazan's capacity.



	"Phew, I feel as *urp* stuffed as a turkey," Tzin moaned as he slowly nibbled at the last leg of turkey, rubbing at his taunt dome of a gut. Large plates and crumbs lay littered all around the bloated dragon, who was busy picking his teeth with a spare toothpick.  With a big sigh, Tzin leaned back in his chair to inspect the damage done on his waist line, ignoring his complaining chair. Not surprisingly, Tzin's stomach bulged out in front of him like an overinflated balloon, brushing slightly against the table. The bottom of his scaly belly managed to stick out from under his uniform, despite the clothing being a few sizes too large for the stuffed dragon's earlier size. Just from looking at himself, Tzin knew some of the extra weight was gonna stick to him. 

	"I'm glad you've enjoyed your appetizer, Mr. Tzin," Orion smugly said as several Stuffian servants quickly scrambled forward to clear the table of empty plates and crumbs, replacing them with even larger meals than before! Tzin's eyes popped wide open as another massive feast presented itself in front of him, the plump dragon's stomach starting to ache at the mere thought of cramming another morsel down his throat. Seeing the dragon's hesitation, Orion put his paw on Tzin's shoulder (having to stand on his toes just to reach) and smiled cruelly. "What did you expect, Mr. Tzin? We told you we hold feathered beings as very religious creatures. Even if you don't believe it, your landing on this planet was fate. Our gods sent you here to grace us with your magnificent feathers, so naturally we shall repay them with a sacrifice!"

	"D-did you just say sacrifice!?!" Tzin shouted as he instantly leapt to his feat, his large stomach banging painfully against the underside of the table. Seeing the Stuffians start to approach them with a murderous glint in their eyes, he quickly tried to think his way out of it. "B-but if it's true your gods sent me here, why would you just sacrifice me to them again? I'd hate it if I gave someone a gift and had it returned to me the next day."

	"Then let us enlighten you with how our gods behave," Orion responded calmly. "On your planet, you have several farms with nothing but chicken raised on them. All day the chickens do nothing but eat and eat and grow fatter and fatter. When your chickens are as fat as can be, the farmer takes the bloated balls of feather and sends  them to every restaurant out there, where they're cooked and consumed. Simply put, you're the chicken, we're the farmers, and our gods are the consumers." The Stuffians walked around the table and grabbed the various saucers of food, holding it up to the horrified dragon. "I think this chicken still needs some meat on its bones. Would you like seconds?"



	"Another *hic* round of spaghetti, A.A.R.O.N,"

	"But sir-"

	"I said another!!" Kazan roared at the holographic snake, slamming his cup of soda sloppily on the table, spilling a bit of the fizzy green liquid.

	"…Right away sir," A.A.R.O.N hesitantly responded as the service robots quickly disappeared back inside the kitchen yet again, a routine they were growing more and more used to. Despite his programming to try and feed Kazan as much as possible, the holographic snake couldn't help but feel a little concerned as he examined the stuffed wolf in front of him. Kazan's bloated stomach dug into the table quite heavily, the spherical ball of fur and stretchmarks gurgling noisily as it tried to desperately digest it's incredible load of greasy Italian food. Dirty plates and crumbs lay littered all around the small table, several of them piled onto each other to the point of almost falling off onto the floor, emphasizing just how much Kazan really fed himself. 

	With a drunken sigh, Kazan leaned back and grunted, his once-too-large uniform riding up to reveal his white fluffy stomach. "Pffft, why would I want to go to a feast with that fat-ass dragon?" The bloated wolf muttered to no one in particular, clearly drunk on calories. "It's not like he asked if I could come or anything. I bet even now, they're all playing games and leaving me alone…hic!"

	A.A.R.O.N frowned at this strange behavior he was witnessing from the round pilot, not sure how to respond to his ramblings. Luckily, he didn't have to as the holographic snake's five eyes started flashing red, as well as an alarms sounding from the ship. "Dragontzin's heart rate has just increased significantly. It's possible he is in peril!" A.A.R.O.N announced, the sudden loud noises waking Kazan up from his drunken stupor. 

	As if on que, a large bloated green creature suddenly tumbled through one of the large buildings in the distance and waddled quickly towards the ship, followed by several smaller blue creatures. "No way… is that Tzin?" Kazan asked to no one in particular as he watched his stuffed co-pilot slowly make his way to the ship. It was a miracle for him that the Stuffians were known to be incredibly in athletic, unable to even keep a steady job without stopping for breath. Several minutes later, Tzin finally made to the ship huffing and puffing, his massive gut heaving in and out with each breath. "Hey guys… let me in… it's a trap..!"

	A.A.R.O.N was about to open the ship before Kazan stopped and looked at the holographic snake, revenge shining in his eyes. "Oh yeah, why should we? You left me here all by myself alone while you took off with your new friends. Did you even consider how I'd feel?" The rotund wolf called using the ship's speaker located near the window.

	Tzin's eyes widened with both anger and horror as he looked at the round wolf in the ship's window. "Are you kidding me right now? They practically dragged me away!"

	"Yeah, and did you do anything to stop them?" Kazan retorted, noting the Stuffians slowly catching up to the stuffed dragon. "Besides, A.A.R.O.N told me that after they took you, they apologized and offered you a freaking meal! Not once did you even mention me or my name!"

	"Yeah, but…" Tzin looked over his shoulder once again, estimating the Stuffians were less than a minute away from capturing him again, forcing him into a life of binging and gaining until his inevitable sacrifice. Realizing he had no good comeback to his co-pilot, as well as realizing he really did make a mistake, Tzin bit his lip and looked away. "Alright you win… I'm sorry. I should have asked them to invite you too when I got the chance… I shouldn't have done that to a friend."

	Kazan's eyes widened a bit when the rotund dragon called him a friend, not expecting him to fully apologize. Noticing once again the advancing Stuffians almost within arm's length of Tzin, the heavy wolf quickly nodded to A.A.R.O.N, the snake hastily lowering the door for him. Heaving a sigh of relief, the lumbering dragon stepped onto the platform, feeling it raise and force him into the ship the moment he touched the metallic surface. "Phew… thanks Kaz, I owe you one," Tzin said with a grin as he waddled up to his friend, holding out a claw for a high five but getting a surprise hug instead, their massive middles brushing against each other.

	"Sorry about leaving you down there longer than I should of, that was wrong of me too," Kazan muttered as he held his friend as tight as he could, finding it hard to properly embrace him due to both of their bulging bellies.

	"Hey, don't sweat it. I would have been mad too if I was you," Tzin said with a chuckle as he hugged the plump wolf back.

	A.A.R.O.N watched interesting as the two stuffed pilots continued to hug each other for quite some time, much longer than normal hugs last. Before he could ask them why they felt the need for such a lengthy embrace, however, the holographic snake heard one of them snore. "Interesting," A.A.R.O.N commented, never seeing a food coma this severe before. Not wanting to disturb the two fat pilots, the holographic snake left and piloted the ship away, the hull full of the sounds of two large stomachs digestion 5 meal's worth of food into fat.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/13998163/