Phew, I meant to have this out sooner, but a sudden camping trip planned out by my family took me by surprise. This is my half of the collab YCH auction with  badharpy 

Our winner  iovic 's character Ersl is seen here firmly wedged in his seat, his stomach swallowing up half of the table, leaving him with very room to move, and yet the gluttenous ferret seems inclined on ordering even more food. How did our ferret friend end up in such a situation? Read on to find out!

 badharpy 's end of the collab + icon for the story: http://www.furaffinity.net/view/23786589/



"Don't go there man, your waistline will never be the same!"

"I only had a bucket of chicken last month, and I still can't fit into my old pants, even after weeks of running!"

"Trust me, that place is hell on your body!"

It wasn't that Ersl was oblivious to the warnings his friends gave him earlier; frankly, he couldn't care less. A prime example of a ferret, Ersl was as thin as they came, his bony ribs jutted out from his cream-colored chest while his scrawny hips and shoulders made wearing anything that wasn't a hat nearly impossible without the aid of belts. While most furs would see the lanky mustelid and feel the need to buy him a cheeseburger, other ferrets viewed his svelte frame with admiration, seeing as how before furries walked on two legs, the ferrets with the thinnest waistlines could crawl through the tiniest holes to snag pray. 

As such, Ersl had grown rather prideful of his amazing metabolism to the point of near arrogance. Spoiled by the amount of attention he would received, the tan ferret would gorge himself on a variety of unhealthy junk food, just to snicker at his friends' reaction when his stuffed belly would disappear overnight. It was almost supernatural how effortless it was for him to avoid any sort of excessive weight whatsoever, to the point where many would accuse him of taking metabolic enhancements. However, anyone who knew the ferret well could attest for his amazing talent. As such, Ersl liked to "tour" many different fast food restaurants, ordering an obscene amount of food in order to impress his friends even further.

And today, he set his sights on Kentucky Fried Gluttons.

Ersl grinned from ear to ear as he stepped into the fast food restaurant, enjoying what he saw. He didn't notice a single fur who wasn't obscenely overweight, from the curvey vixen waitress who's hips brushed against every booth she passed by to the potbellied dragon-wolf struggling to pry a red and white bucket from his chubby cheeks. He was used to being the thinnest one in the room by far, but here it was almost unnatural how small the ferret looked in comparason. "And when I leave, I'll still be just as thin while the other tubbos here struggle to squeeze through the door," Ersl promised to himself, his grin unwavering. 

Brushing his long white hair over his shoulder, the tiny ferret strode towards the cashier where a uniformed otter with a stomach large enough to fit the cash register on stood ready to take his order. "Oh dear, would you like me to turn down the air conditioning for you, little guy? Wouldn't want you to blow away now after all," the otter asked as he looked down at the frail mustelid, sounding genuinely concerned. 

Ersl chuckled softly. He was used to getting jabs at for his weight by heavier furs, yet this was the first time someone said something like that without following it up with raucous laughter. "Heheh, just make sure the windows are closed and I shouldn't go flying," the ferret responded, trying not to burst out in laughter at the look of genuine terror on the otter's chubby face. "Let's see here...Hmm, interesting. I've never seen a menu that shows off the calorie count so... prominently. Nice font too, although I think the use of glitter sorta overdoes it. Anyways, I'll take an order of The KFG King, if you don't mind, Io."

This time, it was the otter's turn to refrain from laughter. Io held his chubby paws to his maw with an adorable snort, his cream-colored cheeks blushing bright red. "Pffft, are you sure? I mean, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but that's more for our, erm, larger patrons."

"Oh, I figured. I'm just reaaaaaaaally hungry is all." Ersl returned the snort, crossing his arms confidently. 

Even so, Io remained unimpressed. "Right then, I'll make sure to prepare a few takeout bags with your order just in case. Take a seat at a booth and a waiter will be out with your order shortly. Just... try not to fall in between the cracks on the linoleum tiles." 

"Harr harr!" Ersl mockingly laughed, before muttering beneath his breath. "I bet you caused most of those cracks yourself when you went on your last lunch break, tubby." 



To be fair, Ersl nearly lost himself in the booth, which was more like a couch than anything else. The cushions were extravagant, softer than anything the ferret had ever experienced sitting on, even more so than most beanbag chairs. They would have been beyond comfortable had it not been for the excess amount of stuffing within the cushions, which lifted him up a little too high, pinning his knees against the bottom of the table painfully. For once in his life, Ersl wished he weighed  just a little more. 

Little did he know just how soon his wish would be granted, and by how much. 

Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed the same waitress from earlier waddling towards his table, struggling under the weight of what she was carrying. Even Ersl himself was a little surprised at the sheer amount of food heading his way, and he was the one who ordered it!

"H-here you are, dear." The voluptuous vixen panted as she practically hauled herself onto the table, spreading out more food than Ersl usually ate in a single day (and Ersl liked to eat a LOT). Buckets upon buckets of fried chicken and soda were presented to him, filling out the entire table which was meant to seat four furries. Four chubby furries in fact. 

"Oh, uh, thanks," Ersl muttered as he grabbed at the food containers, trying to help relieve the poor fox of her burden. With a cute smile, the waitress nodded and walked off, leaving the ferret with a literal feast to devour. 

Rubbing his paws together in anticipation, Ersl grabbed the nearest bucket, plucking out the first wing of chicken he found and bit into it. Immediately his maw was full of flavor as the chicken exploded with grease, the salty and crispy skin peeling off to reveal the tender, juicy interior. Groaning with delight, the thin ferret chomped away at the delicious slab of chicken, his carnivorous tendencies kicking in as he stripped all of the meat off, even sucking on the bone so as to absorb as much flavor as he could. 

"Hmmf, so good," he groaned, feeling beyond satisfied after just one strip, and he still had literal buckets full of chicken! Licking his chops eagerly, Ersl grabbed at the next delectable morsel, it's flavor just as outstanding as the first. Soon, that drumstick was reduced into a licked-clean bone just like the first. Eating as swiftly as any true glutton, Ersl soon devoured the first bucket of 20 pieces of fried chicken before burping softly and leaning back in his sofa, savoring the lingering greasy flavor left on his tongue.

Well, tried to lean back, given there was suddenly less space than usual.

"Huh, this soon?" Ersl blinked and looked down at his protruding stomach, chuckling quietly. Usually, it took an entire meal before the ferret's belly bulged out from his middle, and yet a single bucket of chicken made him look 6 months pregnant. "Heh, I guess this stuff is more filling than I thought. Must be all the grease," Ersl chuckled, patting his tummy. Even so, he wasn't one to back down from a challenge, especially one self imposed on himself. He was going to finish this meal, no matter how full and bloated he felt at the end. However, something he failed to take into account was how his stomach jiggled when he patted it, which usually doesn't happen when anyone's belly is filled with food alone...

The pile of bones beside Ersl slowly grew as he polished off chicken after chicken, the ferret only pausing to gulp down a large swig of soda from time to time. His mind was in a pure eating bliss, something that only happened when enjoying the most delicious of fast food cuisine. Granted, he wouldn't mind a little variety here and there, as he was only eating the same kind of fried chicken recurrently, but the sheer flavor and tastefulness each drumstick contained made up for that and then some. 

That said, Ersl also found it rather amusing how far his belly continued to bulge forward, growing steadily outwards even though the ferret felt no signs of fullness. He no longer had to lean back in order for his stomach to press against the table; in fact, after finishing off the second bucket, his gut was starting to rest on top of the table instead! "Heh, I guess my stomach's stretched from all those meals," he muttered with a bemused smirk, trying to justify this strange phenomenon. Perhaps next time he came here he shouldn't order so much food, so as to not be mistaken as one of those globular fatsos the next time he ate. And yet, the food was simply too delicious, there was no way he would order anything other than the KFG from now on! Groaning in ecstasy, the bloated ferret licked the bottom of the bucket for any remaining flakes of the buttery crust, grunting a bit as his head was briefly wedged in the container. Had his cheeks always been that large? Or was the bucket smaller than he originally thought?

The third bucket came and went, along with the fourth, not that Ersl noticed. Instead, the rounding ferret's attention was solely spent on two things: the incredible fried chicken, and his own growing gut. Seeing as how he would end up losing all this weight in a single day due to his incredible metabolism, Ersl was fascinated at just how far he could push his belly. And push it he did! His bloated cream-colored gut pushed aside the pile of bones he had accumulated, as well as any discarded buckets in its way. Personally, the heavy ferret felt a surge of pride seeing how much food he could stuff in his gut, adding yet another accomplishment to the growing list of feats he can perform. But really, none of that compared to just how GOOD it felt to be so huge!

Ersl paused after his 7th bucket to rub what he could reach of his massive middle, sighing blissfully as his fingers kneaded the soft furry flesh. Who would have known being so giant also meant being so sensitive? The blimp of a ferret felt as if the entire booth was giving him a hug as he leaned back into the seat, his rump sinking into the excess padding easily. He loved how a part of him would spill out from the booth, even if it was mostly his hips that spilled out instead of his stomach. It was amazing that his stomach had pushed his chest up high enough to allow him to lick his chest of any spilled food, even if it gave him the impression that he had doughy manboobs. He even loved how his thighs were permanently squished next each other, or how the underside of his stomach also sagged beneath the table, or how his arms had developed wings of fat that wobbled underneath them whenever he reached for more food, or-

"Oh... I'm fat."

Ersl's ears folded back as he finally made the connection, his heart sinking into his stomach along with the literal buckets of pure grease and chicken he had just eaten previously. In all honesty, fat was a pretty big understatement, seeing as how the obese ferret was quite wedged into the booth made exclusively for fat furries. No, Ersl was a blob of pure fur and chub, with a stomach that almost wrapped around the entirety of the table itself. 

And boy did it feel good. 

Licking his chubby cheeks, Ersl grabbed two buckets of chicken in each paw and shoved them in his face, glutting away like a pig in a trough. Forget being skinny, THIS was the ideal body he had been missing out on! The flabby ferret moaned as he felt his stomach envelop the table further, almost threatening to tip it over. It was exhilarating, feeling layer after layer of flab coat his very being, filling his body out into whale-like proportions. It became a new challenge for Ersl to try to see how much weight he could gain and how fast, using the creaking of the table and booth as a goal. How much further could he go until he shattered them both under his weight? And would he stop there? Probably not. Any visage of his former lithe self was further lost with every pound he gained, and he loved it dearly. 

So much so that, even with several more buckets of fried chicken left for him to devour, Ersl still felt the need to shout at the nearest KFG worker what he wanted. "Another!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23833042/