This was supposed to be a much longer chapter, but I just realized how awkward the next transition would be, and instead of taking time to figure out a better one, I just decided to upload what I have now so I can continue with the next scene immediately. And who says lazy people aren't creative?

I hope you all enjoy, I'll hopefully get this next chapter out by Thanksgiving.

FYI: Mild slob this chapter. This will be the only place you'll see it though. 

 

	Just from the sight of the dilapidated building alone, Ty and Callum could tell something was wrong. Compared to the reasonably-stable red houses that resided all around San-D, the grey structure that stood before the three reptiles was beyond disrepair. The windows were missing, the wood was rotting, and bricks were cracked. Hell, there were large enough cracks to fit a child through!

	Currently, Toon was attempting to wiggle his portly body through one of the cracks, the young dragon remembering that he wasn't exactly the size of the average kid as his stomach and back squished together to form a series of accordion-shaped rolls. Grunting with exertion, the green and red dragon pushed against the aged walls, attempting to squeeze out after getting himself stuck. With a final push, he made it out with a loud plop, rolling backwards multiple times like a fatty boulder before collapsing on his back.

	"Are you ok?" Callum asked worriedly as he scrambled to the fellow dragon's side.

	His question was quickly answered by the sound of Toon's cheerful giggling. Grinning happily, the doughy drake bounced back onto his feet and dusted himself. "Heehee, I used to fit through that crack, but I guess I'm too big now. I guess I'll have to be a grown up and use the door for once," he chortled as he waddled up to the crumbling door. Just looking at it made Ty flinch, as if a thousand splinters struck him just for observing the wretched piece of wood.

	Oblivious to Ty's concern, Took quickly waddled to the front of the door and turned the doorknob, the dull brass piece rattling wildly, as if it were trying to escape it's decaying confines. With an ominous creak, the little dragon slowly pushed the door open and wandered inside cheerfully as if he were visiting his grandma's house. 

	Ty bit his lip worriedly as he watched the chubby child disappear into the darkened abyss. "Shouldn't we go in and stop him? This place looks like it'll fall apart any second."

	Callum shrugged his shoulders, looking surprisingly mellow. "I'm sure it's fine. He said he comes here all the time after all. Besides, I'm really curious to meet this 'Stinky Butt," the grey dragon snickered as well walked inside. Seeing no other alternative, Ty mentally sighed and followed his friend, hoping for the best, despite expecting the worst. 

	The horrid smell was the first thing that caught their attention. Almost immediately, Callum and Ty's paws flung to their respective snouts, their eyes watering from the abominable stench. Had the barren rooms possessed any wallpaper, it would surely curl up from the foul air that hung around. Aside from the awful malodor, the interior was exactly as how the two travelers had imagined it being. The floorboards were creaky, the walls lacked any color, and the ceiling looked as if it were ready to cave in on them. There weren't even any walls inside the house either, the interior being only one giant room, and in the center of that one giant room sat the biggest, roundest creature that Ty and Callum had ever seen before!

	"Hi, Stinky Butt!" Toon greeted warmly as he bounded over to the lard-ladened fur, almost running into his worn-down couch. 

	The grey and red blob snorted and quivered, apparently waking up from a nap, before eyeing the green and red dragon with great malice. "Oh, it's you…I've told you before… my name's Wooly… not Stinky Butt!" he exclaimed wheezily, as if just talking was a big enough exertion to warrant the need to gasp for breath. 

	Giggling cutely, Toon smiled and turned around to face the two reptiles. "These are my new friends, Ty and Callum. Ty and Callum, this is Stinky Butt."

	Neither Ty nor Callum could manage to utter a single phrase out of their wide-open jaws. Just when they thought Erik was the fattest living creature they've ever seen, here comes someone who practically dwarfs the obese dragon. Wooly was one smelly mammoth, both literally and figuratively. The massive pachyderm resembled a series of spheres and rolls cascading off a worn and torn couch like a gelatin waterfall. His grease-covered gut rested on his lampshade-shaped thighs, spilling almost all the way to his dimpled knees. His food-stained trunk rested along his multiple chins, making his neck almost nonexistent. All along his colossal frame lay the remains of many feasts, his thin grey fur acting almost like a canvas, with the various smudges of fruits and pastries being paint, turning him into a giant work of art. That is, a work of art done by a clumsy toddler.

	Callum and Ty could have gawked at the smelly mammoth for the next year had Toon not decided to talk. "Heehee, isn't he funny-looking?" he asked, grabbing and shaking one of Wooly's abundant rolls.

	"Knock it off!" Wooly snarled at the little dragon, who only smiled back in return. Huffing silently, the bulky pachyderm slowly lifted his great arms in an attempt to impede the constant jiggling on his figure, yet clearly failing.  All the while, Toon's laughter constantly grew in volume as he watched the fat lug try to control his body.

	Huffing and puffing, Wooly glanced upwards to see the two scalies continue to stare at him. "I suppose… if you're not here… to feed me…you've come… to make fun… of me too, huh?" he gasped, squinting his eyes at them nervously. 

	Pulled back into reality, Ty quickly shook his head. "N-no, of course not! It's just that-" but before he could continue, Wooly began talking over him.

	"Yeah, yeah, I get it… I'm a big, fat, smelly lump… but guess what..? Everyone ends up… like this sooner or later… so laugh it up now… before you'll be just like me: gross and useless." While he spoke, Wooly felt his bulking sides be pushed and shoved around by the little dragon, who was completely ignoring the conversation.

	For the third time that day, Ty didn't know what to say. He was expecting this Stinky Butt to be some silly and jovial companion, given his funny nickname. Instead, he was met with a morbidly obese slob, depression written all over his face as he's trapped underneath his own flesh. To think that someone would mistreat their own body so severely that they'd wind up pinned to the couch, covered from head to toe with sweat and food, turning into a creature mocked by children. With a sad sigh, the blue lizard slowly turned around and headed towards the door, his spirits lowered after such a disheartening encounter.

	"That's a bunch of bullshit!"

	Everyone in the house quickly perked up, shocked by the sudden obscenity. Even Toon stopped playing with the mammoth's flabby body, his eyes wide with fear.  No one was as shocked as Ty, however, as he looked towards the person who owned that voice: Callum. The grey dragon's usually cheerful demeanor dropped completely as his face seethed with anger, his fists clenched so tight that his claw pierced his palm, causing a small trickle of blue blood to flow to the edge of his knuckles. 

	"You think that, just because we're bound to get fat, we should just sit around and abuse our bodies!?" Callum mumbled through gritted teeth.

	Wooly scowled and leaned forward, his wobbly stomach wrapping around his knees. "What's the point… of doing anything really?  In the end… we're surrounded… by fattening robots… and junk food… Everyone here… is bound to grow immense… and useless…I just happened… to grow a little faster…"

	"And that means we should all just sit around, hunched over gloomily? That there's no point in even trying to be happy?!" the dragon yelled and stepped forward challengingly, causing Ty to flinch in fear. Without waiting for a response, Callum flung his arms behind him, gesturing to the half-opened door. "Why don't you get off your self-pitying rear and take a look outside? I've only been here for a few hours, but I've seen nothing but smiling faces in San-D. It didn't matter if someone was a little chubby or as wide as a barn, they all carried a bounce in their step everywhere they went. There's nothing to be ashamed of for being overweight!"

	Wooly felt his heart rate increase exponentially as the dragon talked, making his breathing fasting and shallower. "That's because… they're oblivious… to the truth… Soon… they'll be nothing… but useless blobs…bound to their couches…Useless… Useless… Use-"

	"Nobody is useless!" Callum shrieked. Feeling rather frightened at the scary turn of events, Toon whimpered and bolted for the doorway. Ty wanted to pursue him, both to comfort the young drake and from his own fear of his best friend, but some unseen weight kept him bolted at the spot, entranced at the savage duel of words. 

	Panting sharply, Callum continued his rant, walking closer to the startled mammoth. "Just because you sit down all day doesn't mean you have no use! Don't you think, if that were true, the villagers would stop coming in to feed you every day? If you were as useless as you claimed, they would have abandoned you long ago and you know it!"

	All of Callum's muscles were flexing at this point, each one poised to attack the defenseless mammoth at any given moment. Realizing what he was about to do, the angry dragon took a brief moment to cool down, taking several deep breaths before continuing with a different approach. "You're much more valuable than you think, Wooly. Everyone on this planet is useful, with or without a few extra hundred pounds. It's not too late to change your life around. Even if it is hard, I think a little physical movement and a breath of fresh air would really make you feel happier," Callum said with a faint smile, extending his non-bloodied hand to Wooly.

	The smelly pachyderm's face was one of pure shock as he stared at the dragon's outstretched paw. No one had ever dared to yell at him like that, the only reaction he got from most furs was false pity. Even now, his ragged breathing had temporarily subsided from sheer bewilderment. For a moment, he continued to look at the claw, appearing deep in thought. Soon, his scowl quickly returned, followed by his raspy breathing. "Get out of my house."

	Retracting his claw, Callum nodded, turned around, and left without a word.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18238063/