And here it is! Sorry it took so long, but I finally got a little impatient and decided to just upload what I have so far :p

Enjoy everyone! If I missed your story let me know! And if you'd still like to upload your story just send it to me and I'll update the submission file :3

 hdalby33

The Hotel Cortez stood proudly amid the other structures of downtown L.A. It was comely, with an unassuming fifteen-level height, old-fashioned fixtures, and geometric patterning along the furnishings and floor. The angular atmosphere supposed an early, 1920s vibe of tidiness that carried over nearly a century into the modern age of technologies, socially connected furs, and the allowance of strange enhancements to hotel cuisine.

 

By contrast of the straight-edged refurbishments, several of the guests possessed physiques of the more rotund persuasion. Kalic, a stag with a heritage anchored in Scottish roots, had heard telling of a feathered drake from Mexico seen leaving by way of a hefty shove through the front doors due to the ponderous weight hugged to his midsection. Another recollection, this one caught in a wide-angle newspaper clipping, showcased a green mustelid flipping off the cameraman whilst he attempted to un-wedge his fluffy mass from an old fashioned elevator. Neither occurrence would have drawn such notoriety if it hadn’t been for the fact that both the drake and skunk had only arrived the night prior in considerably thinner circumstances. 

 

Shaking his head, the stag muttered a gypsy curse beneath his breath before ringing the bell to the front desk once more, watching as a studious feline padded up and answered him. “Room fer ‘un,” he murmured, slicing his way through a polite American dialect and simply ingraining the Scottish intonations instead. 

 

“Of course, sir,” the tabby replied, handing him a room-card in quick fashion and grinning. “I should inform you that the dining options are open until nine-thirty, and that it is complementary. Have a wonderful stay at the Hotel Cortez.”

 

Raising an eyebrow, the stag took the card in one cloven paw, nodded his thanks and headed to the elevator. He’d be certain to enjoy his meal, but for more official reasons. With a shrug, he wrapped his trench coat tight and padded off to the elevator.

 

As a gentle glow suffused the warm-wooden interior of the hotel in ambient lighting, Kalic’s deep rust, chocolate, and cream patterning from his back to his chest respectively, rustled in turn. Sitting at one of the lacquered-oak tables, the fairly trim stag tapped a menu while looking to the chef. 

 

“I think I’ll ‘ave the pie an’ steak, if I might.” 

 

The lupine chef nodded and both were bought out in splendidly quick fashion, surprising the cervid pleasantly as he adjusted his coat gently. Digging into the food with relish, the amber-furred stag failed to notice the grin mounting on the chef’s muzzle as he powered his way through the delectable cuisine. Tender, smoky juices from the steak and sultry, tart accents from the apple pie rounded a wonderful, homey meal for the stag and, in turn, had a nefarious impact on his cream-furred middle. 

 

Initially, the impact was simply a light straining of his abdomen, curving the line between rust and cream hued fluff in a faint arc. However, the sentiment soon built upon itself as Kalic leaned back in his chair and murred from the warm fullness. The heated sensation pervaded his form in gentle pulses and rhythmic waves of heaviness. With each pulse, the stag became more aware of what he was experiencing and looked up to the grey wolf maliciously. It was far too late.

 

Each pulse sent a rich layer of padding spilling down the stag’s sides, piling along his waist and leaving deposits of rich, flabby ore to accumulate into luxurious love handles. Each one spread and crease, bulging against themselves and poking through the seams of the tightly buttoned trench coat before they smoothened out across the broad front side of the stag’s burgeoning middle. 

 

Sitting in a similar fashion to a blubber-filled boulder atop two rust-red haunches, Kalic’s cloven paws kneaded deep into straining, swelling mass creaking as it pressed with unstoppable vigor against his coat. Each of the thickly fibered seams fought in contention with the squishy tire of furred lard beneath it, while buttons form pin-cushioned indentations; plasticized islands amid a creamy sea of undulating flesh. The stag’s supple form was laden with generous layers of softening girth, only giving berth to the starfish indentations of his paws and the diminishing squeeze of the jacket’s front.

 

With a low moan of protest, Kalic felt his middle bloat out and dig into the table; another obstacle soon to be overrun and buried beneath the warm glacier of cervid belly. A final sigh radiated through the stag’s form as his quivering middle attained a four-foot deep diameter of pure, pillowy girth and then the buttons tore themselves from his coat with the violence of grenade shrapnel, digging gouges in the far wall and knocking out a couple other patrons who’d stopped eating to watch the expansive show. 

 

In the crossfire, Kalic’s behemoth of a gut burst asunder and flopped in a jiggling multitude of quivering, fluff-encased midriff. The doughy deer clasped his monolithic middle heavily in both paws, tongue lolling out over the second and third chins that rolled about his neck, framing his visage in a halo of silken pudge. 

 

A moment after the wobbling mass came to a wrest, a sliding sensation accompanied Kalic’s descent as he was pulled forward from his chair, twisting the table out of his way and sending him crashing atop a glorious, six-foot mound of heated stag belly. Panting in relief as the ballooning came to a halt, Kalic rested a chubby arm along his side and stroked the thick-furred presence in soothing fashion. 

 

Another paw, this one grey and canid in appearance came into his view and patted his voluminous chest approvingly. Looking up with a dazed glare, the swollen stag gritted his teeth at the sight of the grinning chef, now accompanied by a silver and blue drake outfitted reporter’s attire. “Smile!” they both exclaimed at once. 

 

Sagging once more atop his fattened middle, Kalic mustered up his energy, adopted a sardonic grin and followed previous victims’ course of action. The picture printed the next day displayed a wide-angled view of the flabby stag, with a slightly pixelated section indicating a cheeky flip off to the cameraman.

 



 cynical_Gage

Francis was rather excited as he stirred up his pot of gumbo. The gator had finally worked up the nerve to ask that fox he always saw at work on a date. 
“little bit a onion… dash a salt.” he muttered adding the ingredients popping the cork on a small bottle “And some of Great Auntie’s Love.” he chuckled adding the red liquid. It wasn’t cheating to use such a potion on a date. As far as he was concerned, he was just hurrying things along in the right direction. With a quick stir and a dash of Tabasco the meal was set for his date.

A few hours later and there he was waiting at the door, that dashing silver fox. He shivered a bit from the cold outside as he was let in by the welcoming alligator.
“So glad you could come Vlad, hope it wasn’t too long of a drive” Francis smiled easing the fox in.
“It wasn’t so bad, just didn’t expect the snow.” he replied a bit embarrassed by the size of his host. With a chuckle and nod the gator led his guest to the dining room where he was seated in front of a large bowl.
“Hope ya like gumbo, it’s my Great Auntie’s recipe” Francis smiled watching the fox nervously take a small sip. Vlad tensed up after swallowing his first bite as he closed his eyes and shivered. Francis leaned in close grinning wide as the fox’s eyes opened looking down at the gumbo. 
“This is… the most amazing meal I’ve ever tasted!” he shouted wide eyed as he started slurping the gumbo greedily. The gator did a quick double take at his guest’s behavior wondering what he might have done wrong. While he was wondering the fox was busy greedily gulping gumbo with growing gusto. His stomach swelled and stretched to hold it all in as he licked his muzzle and the bowl clean.
“Francis… do you uhh… have any more?” He yipped nervously hunger in his eyes. Francis frowned a bit realizing his plan hadn’t worked entirely but he could adapt.
“why sure, I got the whole pot.” He declared, much to the fox’s glee, turning to fetch it.

It was only later that Francis found himself sitting on the couch hand against one cheek while he looked down at his guest. The fox was happily resting after eating himself into a food coma, his body and belly heavily bloated and showing signs of weight gain. With a few soft pats to the belly, which sounded almost like drum, the gator chuckled. Even though he didn’t get the fox to like him, at least loving his cooking would keep him around. He’d already made plans to fix up his gumbo everyday for the fox and chuckled.
“Guess Auntie’s stuff did work just not in the way I expected… ah well.” he continued to rub the stretched stomach much to his guest’s pleasure.

 blizzardbeast

 

It was a nice summer day were there wasn't a cloud in the sky. A great day for a outside art exhibition to be hosted. At frist most people would ask why did it need to be hosted outdoors? But when they reviled the art piece you would see why.

what they reviled was only 1/4 of the whole piece of an 100% eaterable chocolate cake in the shape of an wolf that was as tall as the emperor state building. It had been covered with a special food chemical that help stop it from shaking and getting wet if it stated rain.

But while the host was talking about the piece. Blizzard a 7 feet tall wolf with wings, huge muscle and a ice colour blue fur was only imagine eating the whole art piece. While he did have a huge muscular body weighting at around 300 pounds. He mostly enjoy being huge and would do anything to achieve that.so hes plan was to come back at midnight when they had finished putting the other 3/4 of piece to together and go mad with hunger.

midnight arrived an the wolf shape chocolate cake was completed it look amazing and that only made him what to eat it even more. But before he could start he needed to take hes special weight change pill. A neat little pill that changes fat to muscle so he would not end up a huge blob of fat.

With he's pill taken he divide in with a hand full of the cake. That first bite was wonderful. A sofe texture that melted in the month. With that frist bite he went mad. Head first into the foot and chop away to hes heart content.

about 10 minutes later he had already eaten the left foot and the wolf cake was lent to the left. Hes body already growing jn height from 7 to 10 and his wieght going up from 300 to 400 pounds. Hes green shirt and black short rip off hes muscle body.

and so he kept on eating wanting to he massive. And the cycle to hes growing body followed.

Right foot eaten:. Height 10 to 13 weight 400 to 500
right leg eaten: height 13 to 20 weight 500 to 900
left leg eaten hight 20 to 27 weight 900 to 1300.

With half of the wolf cake eaten blizzard stop for a minute and looked at how huge he had become and love ever bit of hes muscular body. So he continued.

belly eaten height 27 to 40 weight 1300 to 2000 
chest eaten height 40 to 60 weight 2000 to 4000
right arm and hand height 60 to 90 weight 4000 to 7000
left arm and hand height 90 to 120 weight 7000 to 10,000

With the final part of the wolf head eaten blizzard had react 150 feet tall weighting around 13,000 pounds of wolf muscle. But he was not as happy as he hope because even though that wolf cake had been made to the size of the empire state building he had not react the same height. Mostly because hes weight had gone sideways as well as up.

but blizzard came with a different pill. Unlike the fat to muscle pill this pill is made to add 00 to the end total of the person wieght and height. 

So Blizzard growth continued swelling with muscle all over hes massive body his chest the size of 10 air blumps packed together. Hes arms as large as all the world beach ball pack together. Hes legs looked like as if all the tree tucks in the world were put together.

But Blizzard growth ended with he's goal acived. Standing tall at 15,000 feet tall weighting 1,300,000 pound of muscle. And loving every second of it.



 

 brentomatic

 

it seemed like easy money. just come in and taste a new confectionery that a large scale company was trying and he would get an easy 100 bucks. standing in a large warehouse was the bunny who was told to taste a new apple pie square. it tasted awesome! a light crust and a sticky sweet apple cinnamon with a hint of cinnamon and nutmeg. but the 100 dollars soon fled his mind when he saw his middle ripple. his belly started pushing out his shirt. his shirt now barley covering his chest as he expanded at an incredible rate. a loud rip signified the loss of his decency as his huge rump and flabby belly was exposed. but it didnt stop there. soon his belly rested on the ground and he fell backwards on his fat rump. his bunny tail was now buried under back fat and expanding butt. after only 5 minutes the growth stopped leaving him as large as an SUV. his butt now 2 huge beanbag chairs. his belly easily weighing about 900 pounds. his form shifted while he was bench in place. an assistant come up to him and placed a hundred dollar bill on his chins. "now would the subject like to make another 100?" 



 dragontzin


“Look at that behemoth!” the tetrapod thought to himself tapping the cold floor tiles with his clawed feet, glancing down at them only to be distracted by the slightly poking of an incipient paunch, probably a consequence of his early freshman fifteen, but admittedly as a result of his more and more frequent visits to his favorite chapter in History books: the 20th century. 

Being a time traveler the least thing he wanted to do was to wait in line. Why do other customers have to be purposefully indecisive about their orders when they evidently have plenty of experience ordering at fast food joints? I mean, look at that massive tub of lard! He most likely had like a whole year and a half to think what he was going to order in the time it took him to walk —or rather waddle— from the entrance an all the way to the cash register. Hell, with the almost offensive way his overflowing flab made his own T-shirt ride up, he was likely to order “one of everything in the menu” just as the appetizer. 

He was no longer paying attention to his surroundings as he though about how someone could fall into such a state: comically stuffed to the point where a whale was a better description of the species than any other for that cumbersome fellow who couldn’t manage to finish asking for his food after a good 5 full minutes! And people in this twentieth century dared to call this fast food! No wonder why people in his era appropriately called it “instant food”, since comparatively, this took absolute eons to get!



Even though dinosaurs are not known for having the most acute sense of hearing, he could clearly hear the impatient tapping of claws coming from the customers behind him. It clearly made all matters worse in his already nervous and self-conscious state. He was in his favorite burger shack… again. He had failed to stick to his diet, for the fourth time in just over two weeks, craving a nice warm greasy meal after his unbearable job at the office. He had to reward himself somehow, and had chosen to do so the same way he had back in his college days: by using the old golden relic. 

The large dinosaur sighed trying to calm himself and finished listing his order, ditching the salad for an extra-large milkshake instead. He stretched his short arm to grab the embarrassingly-long strip of paper that was his receipt and his order number, and turned around, starting the exciting quest of finding an empty booth and hoping this time he could fit without having to awkwardly wedge the table into his stomach. 

He looked around the all too familiar scene: what used to be your regular fast food place in the early 2000’s, always busy, always noisy, always filled with all sorts of people devouring their greasy and unhealthy orders, yet enjoying every second and every bite. Yeah, he was very conscious about how it all was way too good to be true… after all he had returned to this very same place for that reason. He really liked the taste and the whole experience of eating his now standard four bacon-and-pulled-pork, triple-decker cheeseburgers. Supersized of course, with large fries and plenty of milkshake to wash it all down. 

But just like every time before that, it only took a bite to make it all disappear. All the shame and sadness was soon smothered by copious calorie-dense fast food. It was his safe heaven. The place where the hope of a better future sprung. There was just something in the tasty meat and the tangy sauce that eased him, allowing him to see his present life from a past perspective. And realizing that he was the only one responsible for his own happiness.



His short arm reached to the depths of the small grease-stained container, tapping left and right desperate to find anything other than crumbs. Reluctantly he had to accept the fact that he had finished yet another of his feasts and was about time to return home. Sure the good old days were great and had that special charm, with their bulky handheld devices and inefficient transportation systems, but he could hardly even imagine the possibility of trading it off with his current situation: the successful owner of a growing enterprise and the father of a lovely family. Not even his wildest drams would have beaten the now…

Still he couldn’t deny having a soft spot for that delicious fast food. And boy had he grown softer with the years! As he flexed back his arm, he rubbed the scaly surface that was his spilling dome of blubber, taking a moment to relish in the delight that was being a larger individual. He had surely grown to like it. And just as he did back when he was younger, he liked to indulge a bit in his very own guilty pleasure, always choosing to sit right by the window of the burger shack, only so he could occasionally peek at the silhouettes who hurriedly walked down the dusty sidewalk.

The dinosaur released the golden medallion that hung from his necklace and a flash of light engulfed the scene, only to slowly fade out into darkness. It wasn’t exactly the way he had pictured it when ha had heard his parents talk about how glorious this “fast food” was “back in the good old days”. As the buzzing in his ears, an aftereffect from the space-time warping, turned into the unfamiliar sounds of a regular street of the past, he poked his head around the corner only to be greeted by the tall neon sign of the former emperor of quick meals, its yellow and red letters blinking in the humid air of anther summer night. Certainly not the best of impressions, but then again, what matters is what is inside, ain’t it? 

His claws padded against the dusty sidewalk as he made his way to the door, watching with fascination how the customers inside devoured their respective late-night dinners, while others impatiently waited in line to “order up” their items from the menu to real employees instead of doing so though a machine. Still, with all it’s quirks and oddities, it seemed like a big deal. He was about to see for the first time in his life how big of a deal this actually was. 


 azurelief
An alligator named Gates was walking to work one day dressed in his simple business wear, carrying a suitcase with vital documents inside in one paw and a lunch box with a simple meal in the other. He was a relatively average anthro green-scaled office worker living in a district of fat furs and stuffing establishments. No one would guess this day would change Gates forever. During his walk to work, he passed an abandoned house that he regularly went by on his daily route. It was quite dilapidated, and the rotting wood, broken windows and dying plants only seemed to add to the haunted house nature of it. It even had its share of ghostly encounters! Gates often wondered when someone would buy the place, refurbish it and possibly chase off whatever demons were in the house as he walked by. Today however, a creaking sound drew his attention to the structure he’d wrote off as just another sight on his daily route. 

Looking over the house for the source of the sound, Gates could swear he saw the doorknob move ever so slightly. If he didn’t have common sense and a place to be, he might’ve gone over to investigate. But as he was about to continue on his way, the front door exploded into a million splinters of wood as something burst through it! The gator barely had time to process what lunged toward him before it passed right through him, knocking him on his back and splaying out the papers he was carrying along the sidewalk. He quickly shot up, wide-eyed and panting as he looked around for the creature that assaulted him. Then he looked to the house, only to find that the door that had apparently been blown to pieces was right back where it was and the house looked no more different than it did a moment ago. He tried to shake off the experience, but it wasn’t easy. The bright red eyes, the crimson scales, the jutting horns that looked like they’d tear into him…it was horrifying! He grunted, “Get a grip, it was all in your head. You’re going to be late now!” and hurriedly picked up the papers he’d dropped before running on his way. As he’d come to find out though, it wasn’t just in his head but in other places as well.

After that, the rest of the morning’s events proceeded normally. Thanks to his jogging, he made it to work on time and swiftly came up with the excuse and quickly came up with the excuse of tripping and falling on the ground when the question of why there was dirt on his reports arose. His superiors being satisfied with that answer, they let him go to do his job. However, when it was lunch time, Gates found that the meager lunch he’d brought was hardly satisfying, his belly rumbling and growling for more. Ah well, there were plenty of bagels and doughnuts in the break room, and he figured he could spoil himself a little. And the office kept many dozen on hand to cater to the cravings of the employees. So he got one thick double paw-sized bagel and started casually munching on it. And once he was done, he unconsciously started eating another one. And another. And another. And another! He couldn’t stop eating, quickly polishing off a dozen of the large bagels and another dozen of large doughnuts before finally coming to his senses. 

Horrified and embarrassed, he quickly scurried back to his desk, light yellow green belly peeking out through the gaps between the buttons of his basic white shirt. “More…need more…” An inner voice kept saying. “MORE!” Suddenly his head and body snapped around and he was forced back into the break room. Once there, he lost all control of his body as his hands flew to every available food item in sight and stuffed them in his maw, each mouthful coming at such a rapid pace that he barely had time to swallow. One by one the buttons popped off of his shirt, leading up to the violent PING of the button of his work pants. And his coworkers did nothing to help, instead cheering him on as he ate, and ate and ate! He finally came to a stop, laying on the ground with his spherical belly sticking above him about a foot in the air.

The crowd of bored employees roared and cheered. But the enthusiastic mood soon changed as a particularly wide hippo waddled through the crowd. From his clean-cut attire, a person could presume he was a high-ranking employee of the office. And soon, he was looking down at Gates. “Why did you have to have a gorging episode at work…” He shook his head, causing the fat in his face to jiggle. 

“Uh, uh, sir I-“ Gates tried to think of an excuse.

“Here,” The hippo leaned over to give Gates something. It was a coupon to a fast food buffet. “take this, and take the rest of the day off. I strongly recommend that you go and use this.” And without another word he walked away.

The gator’s “audience” also started to disperse, some occasionally saying “Lucky you” as they did. Gates didn’t feel so lucky though. Yes, he was aware that some muscular or slender anthros for no apparent reason snapped and went on wild binges, consuming their weight in food as a result, but this couldn’t by it! He felt driven by some force to do what he did, and had no say in his actions. Still, he couldn’t go against what his boss said. Perhaps heading home and sorting out this issue would be best. So he grabbed his suitcase and lunchbox and started home.

However, on his way he was plagued by the same echoing phrase “Feed me now!” as he walked. It only seemed to get louder and louder each time he passed a restaurant or buffet. And then, he passed the place that the coupon he was given was good for: Buster’s Buffet of Belt Busting Burgers and BBQ. “FEED ME NOW!!!” The voice shouted, apparently knowing what the coupon entitled the gator to at the obvious fatty restaurant. Once again, Gates lost control of his body as he watched it walk into the establishment. He unwillingly handed over the slip of paper that his boss had given to him and was seated at a table. And once asked what he would like, the dark voice that had willed him into this place spoke for him in verbal terms. “EVERYTHING!” This of course sent the waiter fearfully running into the kitchen to deliver the order.

Gates started sweating, glancing at the menu that took up a massive wall above the main counter. He tried to get up but was forced to sit down again. “This…this has to be some sort of nightmare!” He thought quietly to himself. “I’m already stuffed!” He looked as tables and tables of fattening burgers, ribs, steaks and fries were wheeled out alongside multiple jugs of nine different soft drinks. “I-I can’t eat all that! I’ll explode!” 

And the large voice inside of him replied “You can, and you WILL!” The moment the food was set on the table. Gates picked it up and gobbled it down in a matter of minutes. Burgers the size of heads, steaks that were two feet thick, foot long fries, they all went down into the growing gator’s rapidly expanding belly. Stretch marks started to appear as it approached the size of a small car and rose up onto the table. Gates could barely stand the pain as each gulp stretched his honeydew scaled hide more and more. Finally, he lost consciousness as whatever evil entity was controlling him took full reign without Gates’s attempts at stopping himself.

Much later, Gates awoke to the loud gurgling and churning of his gigantically spherical belly. It was grotesquely swollen, so much so, that he couldn’t even be rolled out through the large doors of the buffet, or even those of the loading dock, from its massive diameter that filled the majority of main restaurant area. Stretch marks and veins crisscrossed his underside, the taught dome apparently teetering on the brink of bursting, yet somehow magically holding together. But his face, arms, legs and tail showed that he must’ve been some digestion going on as they each were well rounded with new pudge and visibly expanding with each passing minute. That didn’t mean Gates wasn’t still in pain though.

“Ooog….” He grumbled looking around; bits of grease dripping down his stubby snout. His blurred vision gradually sharpened as it fell on the reflective surface of a nearby platter. However, it wasn’t the doughy face of an alligator that looked back at him, but that of a dragon with dark crimson scales and piercing red eyes. He seemed rather content, even blasting out a belch that, surprisingly, was only audible to Gates.

“Aaaah, mortal food has truly changed over the last thousand years. That was an excellent appetizer…” He rumbled contently. Glancing at Gates’s shocked expression he rolled his eyes “Apparently mortal intelligence has dropped as well. Don’t tell me you can’t figure out what I am.” 

Gates could only gulp. “A-A ghost?”

“Close, I’m a gluttonous demon.” The dragon replied. 

“W-why are you doing this to me?!” Gates roared before trying to sit up, but only moaned, belched and fell back.

“Tch, been asking myself a similar question while I watched you sleep.” The dragon sighed, “Out of all the fatties that I could’ve been bonded too, why did I have to get bonded to the skinny wimp who’s idea of a meal is one sandwich.”

“Y-you didn’t want to do this?” Gates uttered confused “W-why then?”

“Hey, you try making a rational decision after being sealed going a millennium without eating. Was practically scales and bones when we first ‘met’…well from an immortal standpoint anyway. I needed to get a mortal body and some food in it as soon as I could, and you were the first person I saw.” The dragon sighed looking to Gates “Look, seeing as your new to all this, I’m going to lay down some ground rules: I need food, constantly. If I don’t get what I want, I’ll just have to take it. And you’re already experiencing the results of my blind gorging, so I’ll presume you want to avoid this” Gates nodded quickly. “As a reward, you’ll get increased strength, intelligence, telekinetic powers so on and so forth.”

While this might’ve been awesome to some of his friends, Gates wanted no part of this. “I-I don’t know.”

“Oh stop acting like I’m the devil trying to trade for your soul! I just want you’re body briefly” The dragon narrowed his eyes. “Like it or not, we’re stuck together and I need food and will take it if I need to.” He lay his head back “Don’t tell me you’ve never wanted to indulge yourself. Well now you can. Constantly. And I’ll make sure you keep your precious mobility if that’s what you’re so concerned about. I won’t get my meals if you’re an immobile blob.”

Gates whimpered…but the more he thought about it, the more interesting it sounded. He’d always stayed away from becoming overweight because of the risk of immobility. But with this demon’s help, he had nothing to fear and could eat as more than he did in the past...albeit with a hungry demon possibly forcing his limits higher and higher. “Well…we’ll see once we can get out of here won’t we?” He smiled.

“Eh…” The dragon looked around, realizing his vessel couldn’t walk in his bloated state. “Yeah, I’ll bide my time until your feel well enough to walk.” He said dryly. “I expect a large meal in return though. I’ll be starving by that time!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18451019/