That title is fantastic, so you know that I didn't come up with it lmao. 

Commission for Thyme on Discord of his blaziken character Coal traveling far to meet a world-renown fitness guru. He's willing to sacrifice everything to achieve perfect health, but little does he know that the guru has a few secrets of his own. 

This was a lot of fun to write, even if it was my first time describing stat changing. I might have rushed the ending a bit, but I'm actually pretty proud of how the rest of the story turned out! 

I hope you all enjoy~



	He was cold, something a fire-type pokemon should never be.

	Coal couldn’t control his shivering, although whether that was due to the frigid temperatures surrounding him or the exertion of keeping himself upright was yet to be determined. He knew that climbing the Tengen Mountain Range would be no small feat, especially for someone who thrived for warmer climates like himself, yet at this moment, the blaziken couldn’t help but feel as if he were in over his head. 

	Step by ponderous step, Coal slowly marched through the terrible tundra, his burning feet carving a slight path through the snow. His knees trembled, sore from the steep climb, his powerfully-built legs at their absolute limit. Every inch of his body felt frozen and numb, his vision clouded over by the fog coming from his breath. It was a miracle the pokemon was still able to march forward, driven by a mixture of sheer will power and inertia, although Coal was certain that a stiff breeze would be enough to send him rolling back the way he came, back to the local village whose inhabitants openly laughed at him for attempting such an impossible feat. “You’d never make it halfway, chump! Dozens of firetypes have tried this climb before you, ya know, and not one of them has returned! This isn’t training, it’s suicide!”

	But Coal was very stubborn, choosing to ignore both the villagers and his own body’s warnings. The harsh wind picked up yet again, his long hair-like feathers flapping in the wind while the drifting snow crashed against him like waves against a boulder. But like any powerful boulder, Coal refused to be swayed from his path, even if he was completely surrounded by a sea of endless white, without a tree or any other landmark in sight. He was determined to progress further, even if it was only one step at a time...one step at a time...one step...one...

	Coal squinted. The cold might be getting to him, but the blaziken swore he saw a pillar of smoke raising over the next ridge. It had to be a mirage, there was no way anyone else had made it this far, but the thought of finding some company (and, as much as Coal hated to admit it, help) in this white wasteland was enough to spur him onwards. The snow piled up by his feet, no longer melting by being in close proximity to the fire-type, but Coal was too eager to care. Once he made it over the clearing, the blaziken was rewarded with a sight that almost brought tears to his eyes!

	A log cabin revealed itself as Coal neared the top, although simply calling it a log cabin didn’t do it enough justice. The place was huge, almost like a ski resort, complete with a snow-covered patio! At first, the blaziken thought the place was some abandoned building and that he was merely hallucinating the smoke rising from the chimney or the lights in the windows, and yet he was drawn to it like a mothim to a flame. The blaziken’s heart pounded a mile a minute as he heard noises from within the cabin, his spirit soaring as he stepped onto the rickety wooden steps onto the patio. He might have simply dashed straight into the building were it not for the presence of another pokemon. 

That pokemon being an alakazam floating by the door, although the pokemon’s levitation wasn’t what startled Coal!

“Welcome, my child. You have traveled far to have reached here,” the alakazam smiled, his voice soft and gentle, despite his intimidating figure. Every inch of the pokemon’s yellow and grey body was toned and rich with muscle, without a single layer of fat to be seen. Those biceps were like small hills on his yellow arms, bulging even when he wasn’t flexing, and those powerful legs made even the sturdy blaziken feel a little self conscious. And those abs...let’s just say you could grind meat on them. Even the spoons he held in each paw looked thicker than usual! 

Coal was speechless in the presence of this muscular psychic-type. While he stared wide eyed like a confused pigeon, his mind slowly thawed away until he could finally comprehend what he was seeing. “You’re...you’re Mendax, the fitness guru!”

“Indeed I am! I’m humbled that you’ve heard of me and my teachings,” Mendax smiled. That smile quickly dropped as he squinted his eyes, observing the blaziken more closely. “My dear boy, you’re even colder than I thought! You’re missing the fiery hue your type is known for!” 

“My hue…? Oh! No, I was, erh, born this way,” Coal muttered, gesturing down at himself. As his name would imply, Coal lacked the bright red and white feathers that most blazikens had. Instead, he had a single shade of dark grey, which admittedly helped him to blend in with the crowd; Coal was a little bit on the shy side, after all. 

But he certainly wasn’t shy today. “I-I have all of your magazines, sir! I must have read through “Body and Mind” at least 30 times! Please make me your student, I’ll do whatever it takes in the name of fitness. I’ll climb to the top of Mt. Coronet and back on my hands-”

“I accept.”

“I’ll do one hundred pushups and...wait, what?” 

“I said I accept, child.” Mendax smiled, before raising his arm. The two front doors creaked as they slowly opened, revealing the warm interior. “But only if you come inside this instant. I can’t stand watching you freeze out here, pardon the pun.” 

“U-uh, yes sir!” Coal beamed back, quickly following the floating alakazam. Stepping through those large front doors was like walking through a portal to another reality, a much, much warmer one! The blaziken sighed as he found himself above freezing temperatures for once, mentally promising himself to never take the heat for granted ever again. Closing his eyes for a moment, Coal concentrated hard to quickly elevate his body temperature, a faint reddish glow emanating from him, just long enough for the snow covering his feathers to evaporate into steam. 

	“Very impressive. I might need you to help warm my tea sometime!” 

	Coal huffed, blushing a bit as he saw his master smirking at him. “I’m teasing, of course...well, not quite. The stove is starting to get rather worn down, as is the oven. Please, follow me. We’ll begin your training immediately.” 

	Coal nodded and continued forward, swiveling his head around to observe the area. He had never thought he would describe the interior of a fitness dojo as “comfy.” Couches and tables filled the massive area, with televisions mounted on the walls! The blaziken had expected a polished wooden floor for aerobics and gymnastics, yet he wasn’t sure he could even find the floor beneath so many plush rugs and carpets. Heck, that fireplace in the corner was starting to look especially inviting, Coal suddenly remembering just how exhausted his climb had made him. 

	Sensing his apprehension, Mendax soon spoke up. “Relaxation plays a very big role when it comes to fitness, much more than most people give it credit for. There’s more to getting stronger than lifting weights and running laps, after all.” 

	“I suppose,” Coal mumbled, scratching his head feathers hesitantly. That wasn’t even what he was mostly worried about. The walls of the dojo may be thick enough to keep out the cold, but the blaziken could hear the noisy sounds of eating and dining surrounding him. It sounded like other pokemon were throwing a massive feast, the sounds of cutlery thumping into plates and noisy gulping filling the foyer, complete with a few belches powerful enough to rattle the chandelier. “Erh...can I ask…?”

	“I hope you don’t mind the ruckus. My students have just finished a rough day of training, and are simply refueling before their next lesson. I do wish they had better table manners, but I’m afraid my course doesn’t include proper dining etiquette,” Mendax chuckled again, swiveling in midair to face his newest student. “I do appreciate their enthusiasm, however. I’m sure you must be as hungry as they are, having climbed this mountain all by yourself. I’m currently setting up your meal, but until then, please come in and have a seat.” 

	Coal blinked as he watched the alakazam open up a small wooden door, this one revealing a rather opulent dining room. The hanging chandelier’s glow revealed a massive ornate table, half of which was covered with an impressive spread of food, with the other half quickly filling up. Dozens of platters levitated from another doorway that lead to where Coal assumed was the kitchen, burdened with dozens of warm meals that filled the room with their wonderful smells. Honeyed ham, roast beef, fish filets, and so much more made their way through, the blaziken’s hollow middle growling quite loudly. “G-gosh...this all looks amazing…”

	“Why thank you, child. I started cooking the moment I saw you approach my dojo, so you may need to wait for the food to cool a little before eating...oh, what am I saying? You’re a firetype, a little heat is exactly how you like it,” Mendax grinned brightly. 

	Coal didn’t know what to say or think, other than acknowledge that the alakazam was completely right! Just watching the meat, still sizzling in its own juices, was enough for the fiery pokemon to start salivating. Heck, he may have been satisfied just to stand there basking in the food’s heat were it not for something his mentor had said earlier. “W-wait, you cooked this? But how-”

	“With my strongest muscle,” Mendax winked, tapping his large head. “I prepare everyone’s meals while they are out working, as well as sweep, mop, laundry, and more. Oh, don’t look so concerned for me, child, this is just another workout for me. Now, I believe that’s the last of the food, if you’ll so kindly take a seat.” 

	The cushioned chair pulled itself out for Coal, who accepted the invitation and quickly sat down. Everything was moving almost too fast for the weary blaziken, his mind and body both quite drained from his climb up earlier. However, even with the delicious spread conjuring itself right beneath his grey beak, Coal couldn’t help but feel rather apprehensive. “I...I’m sorry, but this is too much. I can’t eat this,” he muttered. This was an enormous feast meant for a dozen furs, and yet there was only a single plate on the table. Something wasn’t right.

	Coal was half expecting his host to act shocked and offended at his remark, but instead the alakazam chuckled as if dealing with a small child. “No man gets by on nothing, and I don’t need to read your mind to see that you are woefully malnourished, child. If you’re afraid of wasting food, I can always take what you don’t eat and return it to its precooked state with relatively little effort. So please, dig in!” 

	And with those words, most of Coal’s hesitation quickly faded away. There was still some concern as to why Mendax prepared an impossibly large feast, but that concern wasn’t enough to stop the blaziken from cutting into a nearby wedge of schnitzel. The breaded meat was surprisingly heavy even on his fork, it’s meaty aroma enough to make the blaziken’s maw quite moist. It didn’t matter if the meat was still sizzling, Coal quickly took that bite.

	And what a bite it was. 

	“O-oh,” he gasped. The crispy exterior crunched loudly in his maw, while the meaty interior melted on his tongue as if it were butter! And that taste, that heavenly, rich taste almost made the pokemon shudder! It was a crime that Coal had to swallow his mouthful, but he was quick to rectify that by filling his maw full of schnitzel, groaning all the while. “Mmmh, this is amazing! Aren’t you gonna have some?” Coal asked, the avian quick to reach for the next plate of glazed ham. 

	The blaziken shouldn’t have been surprised that Mendax responded with yet another chuckle, the strong Alakazam floating next to his pupil. “Don’t worry about me, just keep eating till your heart’s content. I’m getting my fill as well.” 

	Coal wasn’t quite sure what he meant by that, but he didn’t give it much thought. There was too much food to be had, after all! All he could think about was how scrumptious this ham was, or how amazing this casserole tasted, or how delicious this cornbread tasted when paired with the soup! Not a single bite went through Coal’s lips that wasn’t filled to the brim with flavor; it was simply that good. 

	So good, in fact, that Coal didn’t question how he wasn’t filling up in the slightest.

	On the contrary, the blaziken found himself growing hungrier with every passing bite, something he attributed to his appetite awakening after going so long without eating. Of course, it was quite obvious to everyone present (aka Mendax) where all that food was going. Stuffed with so much thick, filling goodness, Coal’s grey middle started to bowl outwards, but rather than remain a firm, rounded ball, his stomach sagged onto his equally-doughy lap, gradually spreading outwards. 

	Coal wasn’t filling up, he was growing out! 

	“My goodness, what a powerful appetite you possess! Consider me impressed.” Mendax’s voice resonated within the bingeing blaziken’s mind, sounding much softer and thicker than before, not unlike the gravy covering his mashed potatoes. Those words seeped into his mind, stirring up his appetite even further! Before he knew it, Coal found himself scarfing down as much of whatever he could reach as possible, table manners be damned. Crumbs scattered whenever he took large bites, some sticking to his chubbier cheeks while most fluttered on top of his gut. 

	Said gut was quite the sight in of itself, a beach ball-sized dome that continued to swell outwards like a balloon. Everything the large pokemon devoured was digested immediately, turning into extra layers of blubber that grew more and more pronounced as the meal went on. The blaziken’s powerful arms and legs slowly lost their definition, swaddled by doughy chub. His angular face puffed out like yeast, forming a pair of soft dimpled cheeks and a sagging second chin. Even his strong pecs were looking broad in all the wrong ways, the teardrop-shaped sacks of chub drooping from his chest towards his rising middle. Not even his rear was spared from the onslaught of calories, each cheek spilling over the sides of the creaking chair. In under half an hour, Coal managed to turn from a powerful pokemon to an overfed fatass, and yet he didn’t seem disturbed in the slightest. 

	And it was all thanks to the Alakazam right beside him. 

	“What a marvelous appetite you have, my child. You’re doing wonderful, please don’t stop.” A pair of strong claws kneaded along the bulbous bird’s belly, kneading deep into the thickening chub. Those claws were warm, almost hot to the touch, filled with powerful magic. Said magic slowly robbed Coal of his strength, his bulbous arms and legs seemingly deflating. Those strong muscles slowly drained away, the brawny mass on top of his arms changing to sagging flab hanging below them. The blaziken’s signature legs fared no different, turning into cylinders of pure, unadulterated lard. 

	Mendax’s comforting smile grew into a sneer, feeling his own mass increase in a rather different way. If he wasn’t strong before, the Alakazam was downright menacing now, his biceps and tripceps looking like small hills on his arms. He was tempted to leech even more from Coal, but had to pry himself away; he couldn’t leave his newest plaything completely helpless, after all. “Doesn’t this feel wonderful? No more starving away trying to remain fit; here, you’re free to eat and eat to your heart’s content. Don’t you love the feeling of your stomach filling up with warm, tasty food? You could just eat forever, couldn’t you?” 

	Coal agreed with every word Mendax said, having fallen into a catatonic state of bliss and relaxation. His mind had completely thawed from the cold outside, and was on the verge of melting in his very head. Not even the sounds of his own chewing and gulping entered his head, the blaziken only hearing the sweet, soothing sounds of his mentors voice. Even then, he could barely understand what the alakazam was saying, only understanding that he was doing his master proud by eating. So he’ll do just that: eat until there’s nothing left!

	Coal didn’t seem to care that his arms were feeling so heavy and sluggish as they reached for food, or that his grey gut dug against the table. He didn’t mind that those two problems only grew worse as his feast continued, along with several others. The big bird’s thighs were wedged quite heavily between the chair and table, the malleable blubber bending inwards. His wobbling cheeks started encroaching on his vision, large and rounded even on the rare occasion food wasn’t being stuffed into it. Even his blubbery neck made it more difficult to look down at his plate. As long as he could still reach his food, Coal didn’t care what happened to his body.

	Well, that came closer than anticipated. 

	“Do not fret child,” Mendax cooed, watching the flailing fatty struggle to reach past his bulging middle. “I’ll make sure you get your fill.” With a blink of an eye, the rest of the food rose from their platters, funneling themselves into the gluttonous pokemon’s gullet. Eager to put his new muscles to good use, the alakazam dug deep into those spilling flanks, swallowing his arms in pure feathery flab. “Never forget how this feels, to eat without restraint, and to be cared for,” he whispered with his silver tongue, driving home his hypnosis on the obese pokemon. 

	All too soon, the flow of delicious food slowly ebbed before vanishing completely, like someone turning the valve from a hose. Coal continued eating even though his mouth was empty, but upon realizing his latest mouthful tasted like air, he blinked and looked around as much as his pudgy neck would allow. “No more food?”

	“You ate it all, I’m afraid,” Mendax smiled apologetically, patting the broad blaziken’s wobbling shoulder. “Looks like I’ll need to buy more to support that appetite of yours. How do you feel, my child?” 

	“Tired.” Coal yawned, his three chins bunching up to form sausage-like rolls. Grunting softly, the lethargic blob reached around to scratch the side of his flabby rump, each cheek now being the size of the chair which, surprisingly, had yet to shatter beneath his tonnage thanks to the help of a certain psychic. 

	Mendax chuckled. “I bet! Come, let’s get you to a nice, cozy sofa for you to sleep on. I’ll have more food for you in the morning.”

	With a half-hearted smile, Coal pressed his blubbery arms against the table and heaaaaaved himself upwards, his doughy legs shaking from the burdan. Once finally upright, the obese blaziken’s belly sagged forward, brushing against the tops of his feet. His pillow-sized moobs sagged onto his shelf of a gut, forming a thick crease down the middle that held an untold amount of crumbs. Even Mendax was impressed his pupil could still support himself somewhat, silently grateful that he left as much muscle as he did. Just from standing before him, the blaziken completely dwarfed the smaller pokemon, his thighs alone thicker than Mendax. 

	After a tight squeeze through the door (“heh, these old wooden doors are a little warped”), the different sized pair were brought back to a much different foyer than before. The once-empty sofas were now littered with several pokemon, ranging from a smaller pikachu to a giant charizard, all of whom were impossibly fattened! Groans and stifled belches could be heard from everyone, implying the fattened crowd were responsible for the noisy eating from earlier. They were all incredibly massive, the charizard in particular filling up the entire couch and then some with his scaly blubber, but Coal didn’t seem too concerned with any of that. Instead, he simply waddled forward, his knees digging deep into his underbelly to the nearest unoccupied couch. It was practically calling for him, after all.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/30260946/