I wrote a sequel to A Massive Promotion (http://www.furaffinity.net/view/31652879/ ) haha. 

 rhodesiansax and I were bouncing ideas around for a sequel story, or at least an epilogue. This is that epilogue, heh. I wanted to see how well I could write a casual day in the life of a larger-than-life dog, who's whole life now revolves around his job, aka food disposal unit. 

Also starring  papaburry and  anciano 

I hope you all enjoy~



	“Would you quit shaking your gut around, Drake? You’re gonna knock me off!” 

	Drake couldn’t help it, though. The wet paint pressing against his sensitive, stretched out hide left him feeling more than a bit ticklish. With every stroke of the paint roller, the enormous german shepherd was forced to let out a little giggle. Of course, that little giggle magnified in power several times over as it traveled further from its base like an earthquake, the little ripples of fat turning into large rolling waves of blubber that threatened the poor dragon-wolf clinging to his belly. The massive canine would have felt a bit of remorse for the hybrid clinging to him if he didn’t find the situation hilarious. “Heehee, sorry Mr. Arany! I’ll try to be more careful.”

	Of course, that carefulness lasted exactly two seconds as Drake was sent into yet another giggling spree. He folded his fluffy ears back as he heard a startled yelp from beyond the horizon of his brown chest, followed by a very angry growl. “Kirs! Stick something in that fat maw of his, or we’ll be here all day!” 

	From just out of earshot, Drake heard a familiar voice yawn lazily behind him. “Mmmf, fine, whatever.” That very same voice grunted as it slowly rose to its feet, Drake feeling the tremors several seconds later. Then, rhythmically, he felt the waddling gait of his friend slowly make his way towards his head, those footsteps leaving deep imprints along his broad shoulders and back. Finally, the dog grunted as he felt a heavy weight plop against his couch-sized cheeks, seeing the familiar tubby goat face grinning at him. That is, before his vision was blocked by a sudden hoof-full of donut holes pressing into his face. “You heard the boss. Open up, tubbs!” 

	Drake wasn’t going to argue, not with more food being stuffed into his face anyways. He did what he was told, rumbling contently as dozens of miniature glazed spheres of dough were fed to him by the armful, gobbling them up like popcorn. He was quite good at that: eating. It was his hobby, his passion, and currently his profession. He could eat for hours and hours on end, possibly even days if someone else bothered to help Kirs out feeding him. The big dog’s jaws never seem to tire, his throat never got sore, and his tastebuds never once found the taste of anything sweet or deep fried anything but delicious. 

	And fortunately for Mr. Arany, it was enough to stop Drake from giggling long enough to finish the paint job. Granted, the enormous canine did snort from time to time, his gut quivering ever so slightly like a volcano waiting to erupt, but Kirs did a good job of plugging that volcano with enough donuts to satiate a family. With no further distractions, the draolf carefully climbed down the sloping wall of brown belly before him, slinging the paint buckets over his arm as he gripped and squeezed Drake’s flabby gut like a rock climbing wall, before sliding the rest of the way down. “Alright, I’m finished! Come on down and tell me what you think!” 

	“Yeah, sure, be right there,” Drake chuckled. No one laughed, of course, considering he had told that joke at least half a million times, but it was still funny to him. 

	Kirs, on the other hand, groaned, slumping further against the enormous dog’s cheeks. “Can’t you just take a picture and send it to me?” He called back.

	“What? You can’t come down for just a sec?” The draolf huffed, shrugging off his paint-splattered apron. “No wonder you’re getting so tubby! You’re starting to look like Drake before he ruined my store!” 

	“Don’t act like you don’t like it,” Kirs responded quietly, enough so only Drake could hear, the german shepherd snorting. Indeed, the bottom-heavy goat’s rear had reached an impressive size, requiring no fewer than two seats to support such a plump rump. This came to the surprise of no one, given Kirs hardly ever got off his ass to do much of anything, preferring to sit alongside the canine’s fattened head to chat and, of course, eat. His stomach had plumped up considerably as well, now resting fully on his tree-trunk thighs. With the recent changes to his work enviorment, he had put on a considerable amount of weight and was now sitting comfortably in the “obese” category. 

	But compared to Drake, he was practically two-dimensional. 

	Whereas Kirs needed two chairs just to fit his wide self, Drake required far more than two. More than three, more than five, more than ten, all for a single cheek. He could flatten a car, or even a truck beneath his impressive tonnage, and no one would be the wiser that there was a paper-thin vehicle buried beneath his immense bulk. He was truly enormous; his arms were thicker than walruses, his legs equally massive somewhere beneath several feet of pure, excess lard. The dog was even starting to forget he had a tail somewhere buried beneath an avalanche of back rolls. He was a big, fat, immobile puddle of lard, and he loved every second of it. 

	So much so, that when he saw Mr. Arany finally pop into view beyond the horizon of his chest, he gave the draolf the biggest, widest smile his enormous cheeks allowed. Seconds later, Kirs’s phone started to budge, the chubby goat grinning. “Well, check us out. The camera certainly adds 10 tons, doesn't it?” 

	It was a great picture, or it would have been if Mr. Arany’s black and grey face didn’t take up a quarter of it. Stupid dragonwolf had no idea how to take a selfie. Fortunately, the rest of the pic was devoted solely to Drake, the enormous sheppy taking up nearly the entirety of the picture frame to frame, despite the draolf practically walking across the street to take the pic. The massive mutt’s gut was the size of a garage large enough to house a monster truck, with two car-sized moobs parked right on top of it, the rolls of fat having long since merged together to form a single massive sheet of chub. He smiled sheepishly; he was one fat dog. 

	“I think you’ve put on a few since you blew up the bakery, fatty,” the goat shoved Drake’s muzzle, who playfully nibbled back in return. Hard to believe it was only a month ago that he, after taking a bet with Kirs, devoured an entire warehouse full of donuts. Kirs had expected him to quit after a dozen or two, but the destruction of those donuts, combined with some pent up stress Drake was fostering with his obnoxious boss, caused him to go beyond any limits a normal fur would have. Hours of nonstop eating later, he had completely filled the bakery with nothing but himself, requiring Mr. Arany to dig his way into the wall of pudge that greeted him when he came to work that day. Drake wasn’t the least bit ashamed at what he’d done or what he’d become, instead mocking his boss while expecting to get fired. Who cared at that point? He’d won! 

	Little did he know that he was about to be offered the biggest promotion of his life. 

	It took days for deconstruction companies to safely demolish the warehouse that housed the world’s fattest dog, and even longer for them to help clean out any rubble and debris wedged and buried in Drake’s enumerable rolls. It was a rather stressful time for the blobbish sheppy, who had to endure the constant loud noises that came with deconstruction, but he was comforted by his obnoxious boss of all people, who promised him wealth, fame, and most importantly, food. Drake stopped complaining, although his constant threats of eating whoever came too close to his maw did deter many of the workers from stepping out of line. 

	During this time, Drake had amassed quite a following. Dozens, possibly hundreds of furs stopped what they were doing to watch this massive sheppy slowly spill out from the collapsing donut shop; some in shock, others in horror, but most in sheer bewilderment. Police eventually had to set up a perimeter around the area once accidents started happening, but that didn’t stop most from walking over just to see the sight. This fat, gluttonous beast of a dog, the size of a small house and yard, and still unashamedly devouring donuts by the armful was quickly becoming a town landmark. A very profitable landmark, to Mr. Arany’s eyes. 

Fast forward to today, and Drake and Kris were still staring at the photo their boss had taken, each of them trying not to laugh. “It took you an hour just to paint this?” Drake couldn’t help but cry out, his bloated cheeks pink in mirth. The words “Dough Dog’s Donutary were painted on the front of his gut with a paint roller in a deep blue, while a cartoonish pink donut was drawn around the big dog’s navel. It wasn’t the best drawing, either; none of the O’s looked like proper circles, and the donut looked like a 2nd grader drew it. 

The dog and goat were still snickering even as their boss approached. With Drake no longer being small enough to be safely climbed on, the draolf had purchased an airstair to help climb aboard the doughy dog; the very same airstairs used to board planes. Mr. Arany clambered up the flight of stairs and stepped down onto the squishy dog flesh, instantly sinking up to his knees in chest pudge. If it weren’t from weeks of experience, he would have fallen flat on his face due to the sudden change in the ground like he had dozens of times before, although falling on Drake was anything but unpleasant. He waded over to his two fat workers, scowling. “And just what is so funny?” 

“Your shitty drawing skills, that’s what!” Drake bellowed, both he and his thinner co-worker exploding into laughter, the sheppy’s quivering middle enough to actually knock his boss over. Kris simply sank further into the dog’s cheeks, holding his sides.

Naturally, Mr. Arany couldn’t say anything back to his golden goose. Drake knew that, which made it all the more satisfying as he watched the droalf growl. “You try painting a work of art with a paint roller! A paint roller! You know, the thing meant for houses?! It’s also kinda hard to properly paint on a canvas that won’t. Stop. Moving!” He angrily grabbed a pawful of chest pudge before him, scooping up a small mound like puddy before jostling it as violently as possible to emphasize the point. “Seriously, could either of you have done a better job?” 

“YES!” Both Drake and Kirs roared with laughter, especially as Mr. Arany’s face turned red. The draolf was not amused! “Shut your yap, Drake! You can’t even bend your fingers, let alone hold a paintbrush!” 

“So? I could still paint better with just my mouth!” Drake stuck his tongue out teasingly, wiggling it as if mimicking brush strokes. “Hey Kirs, run down and grab the paint supplies, I wanna paint a butterfly on your ass now.” 

“What? Why my ass?” 

“Because it’s bigger than your gut and I like a big canvas, now move your fat ass, fatass!” 

“Ugh, you’re a real piece of work, you know that?” Kirs rolled his eyes, before hopping onto his feet. With speed betraying his tubby build, the big-booty bovine bounded across the length of the dog’s middle, before sliding down the length of it.

Again, Mr. Arany was not amused. “He wouldn’t come down when his boss orders him to, but he will when you’ll offer to paint a butterfly on his ass?” 

Drake flicked his ears; it was the best way he could convey a shrug at that size. “He has very peculiar motivations.” 

The draolf had no response to that, considering it was the truth. In record time, Kirs had grabbed the materials and had clambered back onto that wall of a gut, completely foregoing the use of the airstair. Perhaps Kirs was actually a mountain goat; Mr. Arany never bothered to ask. “Whatever, just be decent within the hour, ya hear? I don’t want Kirs showing off his painted ass to people when we finally open. I’m gonna head back down and set up the booth.” 

“Mhm,” was Drake’s only response; he had a paintbrush in his muzzle after all, and after ignoring the sudden urge to devour an object that was placed into his maw, started his paint job. The dog couldn’t help but smile; he was about to start the best job in the world, with an awesome co-worker, and a boss he could humiliate. Not only that, but the butterfly he was painting on Kirs’s fat brown ass was looking a hell of a lot better than anything Mr. Arany could do! This was a great start to Drake’s day, so long as Kirs doesn’t fart on him, that is. 



Thirty minutes later, right as Drake was placing the finishing touches of a rainbow on Kirs’s other cheek, the two doughy workers could smell the delightful, enticing scent of the deep frier. That, combined with the bassy growl of the dog’s enormous gut, signaled the start of their shift. Kirs only had a few minutes to struggle his pants back on and stash the paint beneath one of Drake’s neck rolls before the first customers started coming. “Don’t jiggle too much, tubs, or we’ll be washing paint off you for weeks!” It was a blessing and a curse: being fat enough to be used as a storage device. 

But fortunately, Drake forgot all about the hidden paint as his first guest walked over to meet him. 

“Dough Dog’s Donutary” was a very peculiar donut shop, and not just because of the store-sized blob taking up most of the property space. The shop itself was actually a rather small kiosk ran by Mr. Arany, with painted pictures of donuts on it that looked, admittedly, better than the one painted on Drake. The draolf worked pretty much everything, from the cashier to the deep friers to the hand-rolling of the donuts. Drake couldn’t even begin to see Mr. Arany nor the shop beyond the horizon of his gut, but given the sheer number of people who climbed on him to visit, he could assume the hybrid never had any free time down there. While he does give his boss a hard time for being so strict and pushy at times, Drake had to admit the hybrid did have a surprising work ethic. 

Granted, Mr. Arany also did take home the majority of the earnings, and given the price of the donuts and other services, that was no chump change. 

The rest of the “Donutary” was devoted solely to Drake and his incredible girth. Tables and chairs had been laid out beforehand, but most customers preferred to sit on the roll of flab that pancaked outwards on the ground. Mr. Arany had been talking for quite some time about charging people to sit on Drake, but the dog hoped that wouldn’t happen; he liked the tummy rubs he got from it. 

For an additional fee, furs were allowed to climb the airstair on his left and interact with the fat dog personally for roughly three minutes before exiting the airstairs on his right. This was, by far, the highlight of Drake’s day. He was a local celebrity to most of these furs, all of whom were willing to pay Mr. Arany’s exorbitant fees just to get a few minutes with him! Some were very zealous gainers who would beg him for tips, others more reserved who simply wanted to give his big cheeks a hug. Drake appreciated them all nonetheless and treated everyone equally, so long as they wiped their feet before stepping onto him.

And, of course, as long as they brought him a tribute. 

Mr. Arany’s donuts were delicious; that remained true even when they were made by machines. Switching over to homemade donuts made them all the more scrumptious, each fried dough ball was made with care, love, and tons of grease and sugar. It didn’t matter if Drake  methodically chewed through them or swallowed them whole, the enormous dog loved anything he could get his teeth on. 

Good food, good company. That was how Drake described his current lifestyle, and today was no exception. All manners of awesome furs came by to visit him today, each with their own stories to tell and donuts to share. A green and white wolf with an enormous tail did an amazing job scritching beneath his rows of chins and behind his ears, to the point where he begged Kirs to let him stay a little longer because it felt so damn good! A purple-haired, white-scaled dragon bought him a whole two dozen donuts and hand fed all of them to the tubby dog, all while simply talking about his weekend prior. Later, a panther practically flopped before his face and wouldn’t let go until his three minutes were up, going to great lengths in describing how amazing a Drake plushy would be. 

The most unusual of today’s visitors was a draolf like Mr. Arany, only with grey fur, orange hair, and much larger proportions, to the point where Drake had no idea how he even fit onto the airstair. The dog actually grunted when the obese hybrid waddled onto him, the blob of grey sinking into his gut like a canonball. Despite being quite large and intimidating himself, the smaller blob spoke quite calmly and casually, the two butterballs sharing a nice chat about gainer tips and delicacies, before ending it with playful banter that even involved Kirs. Drake found himself grinning when it was time for the draolf to squeeze his way back down. “Next time you come back, you better be in a forklift!” 

It was interesting, watching the draolf be so fat, yet still be able to move on his own. Drake often thought about what it’d be like to be at that size: still huge, but somewhat mobile, or at least be able to move his limbs. Many people often expressed sympathy at his size, but honestly it didn’t bother the big dog too much. As long as there were plenty of food and people to entertain him, he didn’t mind being a big Jabba the Hut. 

The shadows slowly shrank, and then lengthened again; that was Drake’s way of telling what time it was. Aside from a few breaks from Mr. Arany (Kirs hardly needed any, as it was just his job of making sure no one did anything stupid on top of the doughy dog), the flow of furs and donuts was near-constant. Drake never grew tired of eating nor chatting, Kirs jokingly stating that the mutt was a fantastic garbage disposal. Even though the dog glared at that remark, he knew it was true, for he was still eating long after he had grown tired of talking. 

Gradually, the sun started setting beyond the horizon, and the gazelle atop his gut tossed him one last donut before walking off, with no one next in line. Feeling no one else walking across him, Drake finally let out the belch he had been repressing for the past half an hour, licking his chops of frosting. “Phew, all done?” 

“Yeah, finally,” Kirs snorted, plopping himself before the dog’s head. With a moist napkin, the goat carefully cleaned around the sheppy’s muzzle, cheeks and various folds of chin and neck flab for any sprinkles or crumbs. “That was way more than yesterday, that’s for sure. How ya feeling, tubbs? Stuffed, I bet?” 

“Not in the slightest,” Drake muttered between sighs, his eyes closing. Sitting all day under direct sunlight made him prone to over-heating; any time Kirs could clean him with anything cool and moist was a godsend. When he eventually opened his eyes to see the goat’s bewildered face, he couldn’t help but chuckle. “What? I’m serious! I could go another few hours.” 

“Sheesh, I’m surprised it’s taken you this long to blob yourself out with that appetite!” Kirs snorted, playfully tossing the first napkin onto the dog’s fat head before pulling out another, sliding lower down the dog’s front. “Hey, I think you’ve gotten fatter.” 

“How so?” Drake asked, still trying to shake the napkin off his head. 

“This fold right here’s looking a bit thicker,” the goat groped said fold, one of the enumerable piles of fat that Drake had lost count of. “Yeah, it’s definitely thicker. I don’t remember being able to sink my full hoof into it.” 

“You sure you’re not just confusing it with another fold?” 

“Oh...yeah probably.” 

Drake rolled his eyes. It was impossible for him to tell if he was getting fatter, or even thinner for that matter. It took a lot of food to keep the big dog big, after all. Granted, Kirs and even Mr. Arany insists that he’s been looking chubbier lately, but if he was gaining anything at all it’d be nothing more than a couple pounds a day. A few drops in a lake. Still, it was fun to entertain the thought that he was still growing fatter. Perhaps one day he’ll finally be able to see over the buildings across from him. 

Kirs had just finished cleaning under chin #7 when his ears suddenly perked up, his head turning towards the source of the noise. “Hey, there’s someone still talking with Mr. Arany.” 

“Who is it? Is someone gonna try climbing me again?” Drake winced. In the past, they had had furs try climbing the drake without paying for the airstairs; and more often than not, they’d end up pulling on the poor blob’s brown fur in the process. 

Kirs shook his head as he waddled back to the dog, who promptly let out a sigh of relief. “Nah, Mr. Arany isn’t losing his head or screaming at him. Could be a city contractor or something.” 

“Interesting,” Drake muttered, straining his pointy ears to try and hear for himself. Unfortunately, the two furs were just out of earshot, but at least wiggling his ears managed to knock the napkin off his head. “What does the other guy look like?” 

Kirs stepped forward, squinting. “Well, he’s a raccoon, judging from the striped floofy tail. He’s not wearing a uniform or anything, just blue jeans a green and black striped sweater. He’s got a labcoat on too, not sure if that’s worth noting.”

“What, like a scientist? Please don’t tell me he’s another health specialist,” Drake groaned. Every so often, one of those health nuts would find their way over to him, pleading the enormous dog to go on a diet. “With years and years of rigorous dieting and exercising, you could shrink down to the size of a car within your lifetime,” they would say, as if that was somehow more appealing than being building sized. It was either years of no food and constant soreness, or all the food he could eat while being praised by countless people; it was a no brainer. 

Kirs chuckled at seeing the dog’s expression. “Don’t judge a book by its cover, tubbs. You should know that better than anyone. Besides, if he was, Mr. Arany would have told him to piss off by now.” 

“Alright then,” Drake sighed again. The anticipation was killing him. “So what are they talking about?” 

“I dunno! We’re closed anyways, I dunno why the boss isn’t kicking this guy to the-” he froze. 

Drake’s eyes widened. “What? What happened?” 

The goat let out a quiet snicker. “Dude, you should have seen the look on Mr. Arany’s face right now! I could see dollersigns in his eyes all the way from up here! The raccoon guy’s coming up now too. Looks like tonight just got a bit more interesting,” he smirked, flopping into his usual perch on the dog’s cheek. 

Drake didn’t get a chance to ask what the hell Kirs was talking about. Soon, he felt the familiar sensation of someone walking across his bulk, until finally the raccoon brought himself face to face with him. “Heya, buddy! How ya feeling today?” 

“U-uh...just fine, I guess?” Drake responded, furrowing his thick brow. This raccoon was an odd fellow, even compared to his usual visitors. For starters, instead of sitting across from him like more customers, the ring-tailed squatted across him. This brought the two of them a little too close together for Drake’s comfort, their snouts inches away. His vision was filled with the unfamiliar raccoon’s face, noting how the whites of the other fur’s eyes were actually slightly purplish. Were those contacts? 

The raccoon seemingly wasn’t aware he was being overfamiliar with the big dog, pat patting Drake’s soft head. “Wow, you’re quite the big one! A little smaller than I was told, but still the fattest guy I’ve ever met!”

“Uh...thanks?” The sheppy wasn’t sure how to proceed here. He wasn’t surprised people were exaggerating his size, but a part of him felt angry that he apparently wasn’t fat enough to meet expectations. It didn’t help that the raccoon was treating him like a kid, the way he was patting his head and speaking in an overly gentle voice. “I don’t need to be rude, but is there something you need from me? I was just about to take a nap.” A lie; he was ready to eat another helping of donuts before watching youtube with Kirs for the rest of the night, but the raccoon didn’t need to know that. 

“Oh dear, I suppose I should get right to the point then!” The ring tailed reached into the pocket of his lab coat, pulling out a paw-sized donut. “I gotcha a special homemade donut, just for you! Would you like to try it?” 

Drake frowned. The “donut” looked unlike anything he’d ever seen. It was snow-white, for starters, whiter than even the cream-color of raw dough, and with no sign of frosting to boot. Heck, the “donut” even jiggled when the raccoon moved it in his paw. What the heck was that thing! 

Even Kirs was surprised at the wobbling mold of dough(?) being presented to Drake. “Woah woah, hang on. You’re not allowed to feed Drake something you brought from home. You read the rules before coming up here, right?” 

The ring-tail chuckled. “Indeed, I have. Don’t worry, I’ve had a long talk with your boss earlier, and he was more than willing to make an exception for my case. In fact, it’s how I convinced him to let me see you after hours!” 

Drake still wasn’t so sure; but then again, he didn’t get to where he was by questioning everything he ate. Without another word, he opened his maw invitingly, the raccoon sliding the jiggling ring down his gullet with an eager grin. “So, tell me, how do you feel now?” 

First, Drake felt rather underwhelmed. There was hardly any taste of texture to the donut he just ate; he may as well have just eaten raw dough. It went down easily enough, but the dog wasn’t sure sure he would eat many more of those. 

Then, Drake felt quite overwhelmed. 

His stomach groaned and gurgled, the dog’s eyes widening. The sheer force of his rumbling middle was enough to make him jiggle and slosh all over like an enormous water balloon. A rush of air erupted from the dog’s lips, making him wonder if he was being inflated. Then, with startling clarity, he realized he wasn’t being filled with air; air was being forced out of him, replaced with something else entirely! 

At that instant, he swore his belly started growing before his eyes. Not by leaps and bounds, like it did when he first started gaining, but a noticeable amount. He was certain he felt his belly extend further along the ground by at least a few inches, or his chins sprawling out just a little bit further. In general, he just felt heavier all over! 

And then, in that moment, Drake felt an incredible taut feeling deep down, buried beneath literal feet of blubber. Even as the rumbling and gurgling subsided, that tight feeling never left him. He couldn’t believe it; something he thought was completely impossible just happened after eating one single donut. “I’m...I’m full…” 

“What?!” Kirs shouted, looking just as bewildered. “You could eat dumpsters of donuts and still call for more! How the hell did that thing fill you up?” 

The raccoon smirked, as he had during the entirety of that event. “I’m glad you asked. The boys in the lab did a great job with that ‘donut,’ if you want to even call it that. I don’t want to bore you two with any sciency mumbo-jumbo, but let’s just say you ate the caloric equivalent of, say, ten thousand donuts?” 

There were no words to describe the shock Drake felt at that statement, none that this writer could properly write, at least. “T-t-ten thousand?” 

“Yup! So I’d say you just gained roughly 500 pounds, possibly even more, given your very unique metabolism!” The ring-tailed explained, delighted. 

Drake couldn’t believe what he was hearing, yet the truth was in the pudding, or donut in this case. After a month of being the size of a building and eating as much as he could, the fat sheppy actually felt fatter in just a single bite! Not only fat, but full, something he thought was impossible! “Who...who are you?” 

The raccoon’s smirk widened, leaning even closer to the tubby dog’s face. “My name’s Mekki, and I want to turn you into an amusement park!” 

Stunned. Silent. Drake’s heard pounded somewhere in his chest, letting Mekki continue. “When news of a dog the size of a jet erupted around town, I’ve had tons of people come to me with business propositions. Many, many people, all offering a fortune in exchange of turning you into their own personal blimp! Of course, you’re still technically employed under Mr. Arany, and will continue to be so after this exchange has passed, but he is completely on board with our plan.” 

Drake swallowed. “And that plan is…” 

Mekki’s grin widened enough to show off a pair of devilish sharp teeth. Was he part wolf?! “To turn you into a global attraction, of course! You’re a local legend now, but imagine being a household name world wide, just from your sheer size! You’re a building now, but imagine being large enough to have buildings built on you? Buildings that could hold hundreds, thousands of furs! Rides, attractions, events, resorts, you name it, everything built on top of the world’s fattest dog!

“And to get to that point, we’ll feed you everything we possibly can! That donut you ate is just the start; we’ll make sure your mouth is never empty! You just say the word, and a special team of hand-picked chefs will be at your beck and call, preparing you feast after wonderful feast! We’ll go through great lengths to provide for your every need, so long as you continue growing fatter, and- YEEOWCH!!” 

Mekki leapt back with a yelp, whimpering as his paw gingerly rubbed his muzzle. This time, it was Drake to shine his own wolfish grin, whiskers sticking out from his teeth. “Sorry about that, all this talk of food has gotten me hungry all over again,” he growled, licking his lips. “Consider that my signature of approval!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/34914451/