Hey look, I CAN write about females! 

My half of a trade with  fayker that I took way too long on. It's been a while since I really wrote about ferals, let alone pokemon in general, so this one proved to be a little tricky. It was still a lot of fun though, I love writing sassy characters!

Vinny tends to run her mouth a lot, being quite the spoiled glutton that she is. One day, after having just recently consuming a large meal, the tubby vaporeon catches a whiff of something thick and chocolatey deeper into the woods. Little does she realize just how much of said chocolatey goodness lies in store for her.

I hope you all enjoy!



	“Grilled cheese? Ugh, last time I steal from college kids,” Vinny upturned her muzzle in disgust at the opened lunch box before her. It wasn’t even a well-made sandwich either; there was hardly enough cheese, one side was slightly burnt, and who uses whole wheat bread for a grilled cheese anyways? She could have made something tastier herself if she wanted to, and she didn’t even have opposable thumbs! Vinny didn’t sneak onto a college campus, act like a lost and hungry pet to garner attention, and then run like hell when a young goat dropped their backpack within grabbing distance just to eat third-rate cuisine. 

	Still, food was food, and she needed to replace all those precious calories she had just burnt escaping. Despite her previous complaining, the vaporeon wasted no time in chowing down on the greasy sandwich, her blue muzzle covered with a layer of yellow within seconds. A few more seconds later and the “third-rate cuisine” was nothing more than a small pile of crumbs, which Vinny happily inhaled like a hoover. “Hmmf, that goat better have something tastier tomorrow. Hopefully he buys a lighter backpack too, that thing was heavy.” Vinny sat on her rump to rub the cheese from her muzzle, before licking it off of her paws. That’s what it means to be a cultured, lithe little lady fighting and foraging for food, right? 

	At least, that’s how she saw it.

	In truth, the water-type’s physique was more akin to an overfed Snorlax than a delicate noble. With an exaggerated midsection that rested against the ground when she sat, coupled with the distinct lack of finesse or any sort of table manners when eating, the vaporeon’s self-image clashed hard with her reality. However, despite her carrying multiple layers of extra blubber, Vinny’s bearing carried an unmistakable degree of self-confidence, the way she held herself showing that she saw herself as the prime example of elegance and beauty, the ideal Pokemon for any trainer, even if her only battles were against hoards of food. 

	With a loud yawn, she slowly drew herself back onto all fours, her barrel-like belly swinging beneath her. She was pleasantly full, as evident by the new-ish sensation of the grass tickling her stomach as she waddled away. Throughout the day, she had managed to snag more than just her fair share of treats from the anthros, the crumbs of various cakes and pastries sprinkled across her chubby muzzle could attest to that. Obviously, she was growing more cunning and cute by the day, how else could she be tricking so many anthros into giving her food lately? 

	Of course, her skill wasn’t the only thing growing lately. Ever since settling into the area, the feral Vaporeon had grown from well-fed to well-overweight, finding it all too easy to get her mitts on hoards of delicious goodies. Soon enough, she was feasting less on fish and more on cupcakes, forming an addiction for the sweet, fatty goodness. With less time spent roaming and foraging and more time on eating and lazing around, it came to no surprise when Vinny’s metabolism finally caught up with her. 

	Even with her rampant eating (and subsequent gaining), she refused to believe she was anything but the prime example of dainty elegance. She held her chubby head high, forming thick creases along her neck and back fat as she walked back to her favorite pond, despite stumbling and tripping over her own swaying belly. “Urff, that’s what I get for settling for disgusting homemade sandwiches. All that grease and cheese made me way too *bwurp* bloated,” Vinny mumbled, pressing a forepaw against her soft white middle. A nice, long nap would surely fix the problem, leaving her well rested and ready to for another fulfilling day!

The pond was just up ahead, a duck-shaped puddle of water big enough to laze about on. Vinny sighed as she stepped towards the edge of the pool, eager to finally shift her hefty weight off of her paws for once. Walking was gradually becoming the biggest chore for the plus-sized Vaporeon as of late; it would be so lovely if she could simply swim everywhere she needed to be like a dratini. She would never touch the ground again, content to float along the air, gobbling up cookies and cupcakes and brownies as if she were Ms. Pac man. But not just any brownies; the quadruple fudge brownies the nearest bakery gives out on weekends, complete with sprinkles and caramel and-

Vinny blinked, finding herself not floating in the pond like she had initially planned, but on the other side of it. In the midst of her daydreaming, she had caught a scent of those very same brownies coming from deeper within the woods. The Vaporeon was still stuffed, having eaten even more today than her usual bucket loads of junk food, but that scrumptious smell was calling for her, overpowering her senses despite being unable to even see it, and there was only one way to satisfy it. 

“Hmmf… such an annoying aroma. Best clean it up before it stains my pond,” Vinny disdainfully muttered to herself, despite feeling her muzzle grow wet with drool as she wondered deeper into the woods, swishing her lengthy forked tail curiously. She wasn’t used to experiencing that savory scent on a weekday, and she was quite excited to satisfy her sweet tooth before the end of the week. Maybe the bakery was receiving a shipment out in the woods, or someone was having a picnic and brought a snack they had been saving for a few days. Whatever the case was, she was certain she could find a way to weasel that tasty morsel out of their hands. 

	For all her imagined poise, Vinny couldn't help her hasty footsteps. The pokemon eagerly followed her nose, paying no mind to the foliage that clung to her broad flanks, or the way that narrow paths tended to result in her flanks being squished between a pair of trees. Her surroundings became a blur, her focus entirely on discovering the source of the heavenly scent she'd caught. Even so, the long trek was starting to take its toll on the plump vaporeon, who was used to only managing small trips into town. Her footpaws ached; suddenly, the thought of floating atop her small pond sounded far more appealing than it did before.

	Right as she was about to call it quits, however, she finally found what she was looking for. Within a small clearing in the middle of the woods, farther from anthro civilization than what made sense to Vinny, was a large single-story building. The brown paint had mostly peeled away, revealing several splotches of exposed brick and cement. Most of the windows were broken or cracked, or just flat out missing from their panes, revealing the unlit interior.

“Who… would want a picnic… in there?” Vinny mused in between pants, her sagging belly rising and falling with each heavy breath. The building was absolutely atrocious, not to mention farther away than any bakery and sweet shop the vaporeon was aware of. Just walking up to the decrepit building caused her to shudder in disgust, sending a ripple alongside her broad flanks. While the smell of rich chocolate was stronger than ever, the fat pokemon could taste the dust in the air, spitting her tongue out in disgust. “Ugh, hopefully the chocolate’s still clean.”

Waddling forward, Vinny slowly rounded the corner until she found her entrance: a large crack running down the wall, widening at the bottom until it could fit a normal vaporeon just fine. However, Vinny was no normal vaporeon now, was she?

Stepping into the abandoned building, Vinny didn’t even make it past her shoulders before she felt the edge of the wall rubbing into her squishy flanks. With an indignant snort, the pokemon heaved herself forward, blushing as thick rolls of fat formed along her sides. Those rolls bunched up and grew thicker, big enough to slide one’s entire hand in, slowing her pace to a crawl until she was suddenly halted, stuck in the middle by her own fat. 

“Hurf, unbelievable,” the vaporeon grunted as she looked back at herself, unable to even see how large the crack was due to her blue and white pudge pouring around it. This had become a greater problem as of late, especially with her more and more frequent visits into town. Her lack of depth perception, followed by her skewed views of her body, often led her into situations where she was wedged firmly into a narrow crevice. Even now, Vinny couldn’t quite come to terms with how large she really was, even as she overfilled the hole she could have fit through easily with a proper diet and exercise regime. 

But alas, there was food to be had, and she wasn’t going to pass that up no matter the situation. While backing out might have been the easier option, Vinny sucked in as much of her tremendous gut as she could manage and shoved through, digging her paws firmly into the ground. Inch by inch, her malleable body managed to squeeze through with every push, even if it left the vaporeon even more out of breath than before. 

“C’mon, old girl, we can do this,” she wheezed, her hind paws slipping as she struggled to squeeze the widest part of her body through the crevice. “Just think about that delicious quadruple fudge brownie, begging to be eaten by us. We can’t… let those silly anthros get their mitts on it now,” she grunted, sliding forward another few inches. At last, with one final heave, the obese vaporeon stumbled into the dim room, struggling not to fall on her face.

“Lord almighty, I certainly didn’t need that,” Vinny wheezed, fanning her head with her large ear frills. So far, this trip was not proving itself to be worthwhile at all for the greedy vaporeon, but she was persistent. She was determined to walk out of this building with a full tummy; although hopefully she could find a wider exit. 

In her quest for food, she neglected to pay attention to her surroundings, the spoiled vaporeon not wanting the dirty forgotten interior to ruin her appetite. But, if she had been more aware, she would have known that the majority of the rooms within the building were shockingly clean and neat, save for a few buildups of dust here and there. The most peculiar aspects of the building, however, were areas where there weren’t any dust at all! Boxes lined up on the barren white hallways didn’t have a spec of dirt on them, almost as if they had been placed there mere hours ago!

Unfortunately, they didn’t contain any food, so Vinny’s interest in them was practically non existent. Just some useless chunks of scrap metal, nothing more. 

Her noisy panting echoed throughout the abandoned building as she pushed open door after door, groaning as she saw nothing but barren empty rooms full of junk and scrap. Occasionally, she would see a chalkboard on one end of the wall with various sketchings and equations, but unless one of those sketches was a map to where the food was located, Vinny wasn’t very interested. If the rich chocolatey smell wasn’t so overwhelming, the hefty vaporeon would have swore she was in the wrong building, but her nose never lied. And if there was food to be had, she would risk almost an hour of exercise to find it. Vinny’s patience was eventually rewarded, for when she finally reached the last door in the hallway, she was met with a sight that almost brought tears to her eyes. 

The abandoned office was far cleaner than the other rooms, the vaporeon able to see her pudgy face on the shiny tile floor. Well, what she could see of the floor, at least. The majority of the room was packed to the brim with all sorts of packages, some of which contained more strange metal pieces or a small chair, perhaps the last remnant of what was once some poor sod’s office. But her sensitive nose didn’t bring her here just to ogle at some rusty scrap. No, it lured her to what filled the other half of the room.

Chocolates, brownies, cupcakes, and all manner of sugary treats were stacked on top of each other, forming a calorie-filled mountain that reached all the way to open air vent close to the ceiling. Standing before the sweet hill, Vinny was bombarded with the sickeningly sweet smell, her vision fogging up as her tongue lolled to the side of her maw. “Oh my...I think I’ve died and gone to candyland,” she purred, tunnel visioning on her latest prize as she took another step clo-

“SYSTEM CHECK INITIATED! INITIATE STARTUP ROUTINE!”

Vinny yelped in fear as a horrible grinding sound pierced her ears, the pokemon trembling where she stood as the lights flickered on and off. She turned back towards the door, only to have it close right in her face due to some hidden mechanism. Quivering with fear, she spun around in search for another escape, her light blue eyes darting around her wide, fishbowl-like eyes. The sooner she found one, the better, for even through the horrid sound of the alarm, she could tell she wasn’t the only one present. 

The boxes on her right, the ones she assumed were filled with old scrap metal, started rattling. If Vinny wasn’t scared before, she was damn near hysterical now that she could see various metal tubes and electrical wires wrap around and connect with each other, forming large wavy tentacles. Said tentacles reached into the largest of the containers, pulling out what looked like an old 90’s computer monitor. Once the tendrils latched onto the metal box, the screen flickered on to display dozens of random images and green text far faster than Vinny could process it. Was this a work of a ghost-type? Or were unforeseen forces behind such an anomaly. 

Either way, Vinny did not want to stay around long enough to find out. “Screw that!” She screamed as he dashed towards the mountain of junk food. It was a cardinal sin for the gluttonous vaporeon, having to jump and climb on the sugary hill, but the last thing she needed now was more food. She was stuck in a room with a haunted pile of scrap metal after all, and even if the gooey brownie she just stepped one smelled absolutely delicious, she knew it was better to live to eat another day. 

Vinny saw the air vent just up ahead, but even with the metal grate over it, the vaporeon didn’t slow down in the slightest. In fact, she chose to speed up instead, using all of her strength and weight (the latter being the biggest contributing factor here) to instead barge her way through the vent. Not only did the cover complete break apart, the dented chunk of metal clanging through the empty air ducts, but the vaporeon managed to squeeze her impossibly fat body through the narrow opening! 

Well, almost…

“Damn it,” Vinny tried huffing, but even that felt impossible. She was completely wedged into the vent, all the space behind her neck filled up with her fat. Even then, not all of her managed to fit inside the vent, the end of her hammerhead tail still sticking out. From her scrunched up position, all she could do was weakly claw at the metal interior, which was about as effective as bicycle pedals on a wheelchair. But hey, at least the grating alarm sound had finally died out thanks to her rear filling up the entirety of the entrance, although the sounds of her amplified stomach gurgling echoing throughout the air shaft wasn’t exactly the better alternative. 

Little did she realize the scraping sound hadn’t truly died out; in fact, it was becoming closer and closer. 

The vaporeon squeaked as a claw-like hand groped her plush rump quite firmly, causing her to blush as she felt her chub squish around its “talons.” She felt a sharp tug, enough to dislodge her just a few inches, followed by another one, the poor pokemon’s body looking rectangular like a refrigerator as it was being pulled out before ballooning out back to it’s normal round shape. With one last pull, Vinny was finally free of her metal prison, dangling upside down as she stared at her metal captor. 

The 90’s computer monitor was no longer flickering a bunch of useless code. Instead, on its screen was simply a colon and the number three. Vinny frowned at the odd combination of characters, confused as to how a series of complicated codes would end up with that… until the three started moving. 

“Hello there, Wailord!”

Vinny could have been mistaken for a flareon, considering how red her face was. “Wailor- excuse me?!” She shrieked, glaring daggers at the strange smiling computer. Being in the talons of an octopus-like robot with her life in possible jeopardy meant nothing if her aggressor was going to insult her figure. “First of all, unhand me right this instant before I hydropump a hole in your face...screen...thing,” she snarled, pointing a purple paw at the robot’s monitor. “Secondly, a Wailord? Really?! I’ll have you know I am in excellent shape for a vaporeon! You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like!” Vinny concluded with an indignant snort, crossing her arms over her flabby middle. 

The machine continued to stare (if one could call it that) blankly at the hefty pokemon, seemingly unphased at Vinny’s retort. “Do not worry, Waillord, your trainer will return shortly after he or she has completed their errands. I am to be taking care of you in the meantime! I am Pokemon Care Unit One point zero, but you may refer to me as PCUO until your trainer has given me a proper nickname! Now, first question: Are you a boy or a girl?”

Vinny was shaking with indignation, rage boiling up inside of her. Any fear she had felt had been replaced with an unspeakable anger. “How DARE you ignore me! I am not a freaking waillord, you stupid pile of trash! Put me down this instant before I-”

She never had a chance to finish her insult. In that instant, PCUO finally released its grasp on Vinny’s rump, sending her falling head first towards the ground. Yelping in shock, the pokemon curled up before impact, but instead of hitting the linoleum floors, she bounced on the cushioned chair. “Y-you jerk! I could have died!” Vinny huffed, clutching the armrests nervously. 

For a robot built to watch over pokemon, PCUO didn’t seem to mind endangering the tubby pokemon as it loomed over her, revealing its cylindrical metallic torso rolling forward on a single wheel. Instead, it seemed quite intent to prove Vinny that she was not the pokemon she claimed to be. “My sensors show that you are A: A water type. B: Light blue with a white underbelly. C: possess a large fin-like tail, and D: have a spherical body shape. You are indeed a…” The machine paused, the three on the computer monitor shifting into an “O” shape. “Wailord, you are incredibly underweight! You are far below the recommended size and weight of a typical healthy pokemon of your species! This will not do, I have been entrusted to your personal care, and will fulfill my duties to ensure you are at optimal health! Initiating emergency nourishment protocol for subject: Wailord!” 

Soon, Vinny found out her mislabeled species was the least of her concerns, or possibly the greatest, now that she thought about it. In a blink of an eye, the confused vaporeon found herself being pushed back against the chair by the metallic claw, sitting upright in it much like an anthro. On reflex, she splayed her limbs outwards to keep her balance, but that just ended up making her predicament worse as it gave PCUO the opportunity to strap her arms and legs to the side of the chair, using some sort of leather fabric. In a frantic bid to escape, the vaporeon tried slapping the claw with her tail, but all that served was to give the robot another limb to tie down. 

In the end, her wrists, ankles, tail, and even her belly were strapped down to the chair, leaving her spread eagle in her seated position. Vinny tried and tried again to squeeze and pull her way out, fueled once again by the panic of her predicament, but there was only so much her fattened body could manage. All that struggling only led to tiring herself out, the tubby pokemon slumping back to wheeze and look on helplessly as the red and white robot wheeled itself towards the very same mound of sweets she was trying to get at earlier. 

“Wait… what are you doing?” She panted, her nose twitching as she smelled a delicious handful of sugary fudge brought over. Her answer was swiftly answered, just like her mouth was swiftly stuffed full of said sugary fudge. Vinny’s eyes went wide, her first instinct to try and spit it out, but the claw clamped around her stubby muzzle, forcing her to either swallow the mound or gag. She tried to fight back, but in the end she couldn’t deny the rich, fulfilling taste of the sweet she had traveled all this way for, and eventually swallowed it down. 

“Excellent! This emergency diet is for your health and benefit, so please do not resist,” the machine spoke matter of factly as it reached for more of the fattening sweets. It was at this point that Vinny remembered just how much she had already eaten today, her stomach already stretched out to an extent. Seeing the mountain of food, despite looking absolutely scrumptious, raised a few concerns with her. “J-just how much are you planning on feeding me- ulp!” 

She was caught off by another mouthful of squishy fudge stuffed into her face, the ends of her muzzle turning brown. “Unfortunately, I do not see the appropriate amount of food needed to bring you back to a Wailord’s proper weight and size. For now, we shall start with what he have here as a snack. You are being a very good wailord!” Vinny whimpered, not at all pleased about being turned into a literal whale even if it meant getting to do what she wanted. What was the point if she was going to grow into a mound herself! 

Within three armfuls of food, Vinny was full. Within five, she was stuffed. The vaporeon hadn’t made a dent in the pile of sweets, yet she had already eaten more in that time frame than she did all day! Her stomach, once soft and flabby, now rounded out into a spherical white orb, straining against the leather bounds. Eating was starting to become a chore, the pokemon struggling to chew and swallow the loads of soft food being presented to her. 

Once again, PCUO neglected its duty to protect the pokemon, ignoring the whines and cries the voluptuous vulpine. Instead, it reached one claw down to knead at the swollen stomach, digging deep into the various folds of furry fat. Vinny let out a squeak, which quickly turned into a large belch as a rush of air escaped from her stomach. Unfortunately for her, that meant there was more room for PCUO to feed her with its other claw, giving her the most stressful, yet somehow relaxing pampering session of her life. 

Brownies, cookies, cakes, and more were funneled down the pokemon’s gullet, her belly strap growing tighter and tighter with each mouthful. Much to Vinny’s horror, her stomach continued to grow before her, but instead of being packed taut with food, it was all soft to the touch. Indeed, however the robot was massaging her, it was making her digest her incredible meal at an astounding rate, meaning everything she ate was turned into fat. 

And boy was she eating a lot! Vinny was starting to lose track of all the food that entered her maw, instead focusing on how much fatter she grew with every swallow. Her belly continued to grow and squeeze against the leather strap, engulfing the brown binding in white lard. Likewise, her turkey leg thighs had upgraded to hams while her arms developed sagging wings, all four limbs straining against their respective straps. Just leaning back against the chair told Vinny that her hide was widening as well. Not even her tail was spared from the onslaught of calories, forming thick rolls that divided it into three flabby sections, which grew more and more noticeable as time went on. And still, the mountain of food was just as large as before.

“Your weight is returning to you at a phenomenal rate! You should be at a proper size within the next two to three hours!” PCUO exclaimed, although his words fell on deaf ears. Vinny had long since tuned him out, seeing as most of what the robot said was nonsense. Her eyelids grew heavier just as the rest of her body did, the vaporeon struggling to stay awake. Food just blended together at this point. Was that an entire cake that entered her muzzle, or just a clump of cupcakes? It didn’t matter, all of it went straight to her waistline anyways. Tighter and tighter the strap dug into her flabby stomach, the fabric barely visible beneath the malleable pudge, until at last it finally snapped off, leaving her gut to bulge forward twice as far as it did before, with no signs of slowing down. 

Despite all this, Vinny could still feel the robot massage her tummy, feeling her belly folds expand into its fingers. What was once enough pudge to fill up one of the machine’s claws was now two or three, a cascading waterfall of blubber. Meanwhile, her lard-ladened limbs finally managed to snap through their bindings, although the vaporeon didn’t even bother trying to escape. Even if she outweighed PCUO’s metal arms, what difference would it make if she couldn’t even walk! She was stuck to her fate, destined to finish off the mountain of food before her, turning herself into a mountain of quivering lard.

At least, that’s what she thought. 

“Keep up the g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-good work, Whale-whale-whale-whale-whale-whale-”

For a moment, Vinny thought the machine was actually mocking her at this point, causing her to scowl and huff indignantly. Then she realized, she could finally scowl and huff as much as she want, for there was no food being forcibly funneled into her gullet! Leaning her head forward as much as her pudgy neck would allow, she was shocked to see PCUO spasming quite violently, crushing a donut in its claws. “Whale-whale-whale… insufficient energy, entering standby mode!”

Vinny watched in disbelief as the monitor suddenly flicked off, the rest of the machine going limp. Her straps had busted off, and her aggressor had ran out of steam, meaning she was finally free of her torment; but at what cost? The vulpine was pinned beneath her bulging stomach, her chins bunching up as she gazed at the magnificent orb. Her limbs also had restricted movement, meaning she could only push them so much before meeting resistance around her shoulders or thighs. 

Nonetheless, she wasn’t about to spend the rest of her days stuck in a chair surrounded by food. Talk about humiliating. “Hurf...C’mon, just gotta *BWUAARP* squeeze myself a bit further,” Vinny huffed, slowly shoving herself inch by inch forward, until gravity took forward and she landed on her gut with a very squishy plop. Still panting from the exertion, the massive feral carefully placed her pudgy paws on the ground and heaved herself into a standing position, groaning as she felt her belly spill out between her legs. 

Not even Vinny could deny that she had gotten tremendously fat, her pudgy cheeks jutting out nearly as far as her muzzle did as she huffed and puffed, shuffling her bulk forward inch by inch. Every bit of her was fattened to some comical degree, even her ear fins felt a little jiggly as she flicked them. The pokemon’s pudgy cheeks blushed as she felt her rear wobble with every labored step she took, the tremors kicking up dust along the ground. Even opening her mouth to pant was harder than it used to be, seeing as how her bunched up chins got wedged between her muzzle and chest. Her hide had also seen it’s fair share of extra layers as well, forming thick accordion-like rolls that bulged out a good six inches further than what she was used to. Vinny could especially feel this as they rubbed against the top of the hole to the outside, just as her stomach splayed out beneath her, eventually lifting her legs off the… uh oh. 

The pokemon’s eyes widened. She had been so focused on lugging her fattened frame around that she didn’t realize she had retraced her steps back towards the crack from earlier. If she could barely squeeze through before, it was damn near impossible for her to shove herself even closer to halfway out. It was a miracle she somehow managed to get her forepaws out, and even then her doughy chest prevented her from being able to reach the ground due to the constricting whole bunching up her chub beneath her. Similarly, her hind legs could only dig into more pudge, and her tail was useful for nothing except to wiggle around. She was trapped. Helplessly, hopelessly trapped. 

“H-heeelp, please!” She cried out, desperately clawing at the sides of the wall. What a sight she must have been, a big blob of white and blue sticking out from the side of an abandoned building. The vaporeon was red with shame, but continued calling for help anyways. Hopefully someone would arrive soon to help her escape, and upon hearing the backstory of the poor pokemon’s imprisonment, would offer to help carry her back to her pond to sleep off her massive meal. 

Much to her delight, Vinny heard the sounds of footsteps nearby. Clearing her throat, she redoubled her efforts. “Over here! Please help, I was attacked and left to die here!” It was an obvious lie, something she had learned to do quite effectively, but she wasn’t willing to admit she got stuck on her own whim. The footsteps grew closer, the pokemon beaming as she looked up towards her savior… only to instead drop her jaw in shock. 

It was none other than the very same goat from earlier.

“It’s you!” They both cried out simultaneously, wide eyes locked with each others. Vinny wished she had been mistaken, that the goat before her was actually someone else, but there was no mistaking the snow-white fur and distinctive brown freckles dotting the bovine’s face. An uncomfortable amount of time had passed with the two stuck glaring at each other, their mouths wide open at the sight of each other, until the goat finally brought the awkward silence to an end. “Well, uh… you’re a lot fatter than I remember you being.” 

Vinny sighed and rolled her eyes. “Ha ha, very funny. It’s because of you that I’m stuck in this hole, you know,” the vaporeon glared, pointing her pudgy purple paw at the bovine. “If you hadn’t fed me that disgusting sandwich, I wouldn’t have had to walk into this dusty place to find a snack to cleanse my palate!” 

“Hey, fyi, that sandwich wasn’t meant for you!” The goat returned the glare, placing his hooves on his hips. “And even if it was, it couldn't have been that bad to make you eat an entire bakery’s worth of sweets, you glutton!” 

Vinny snarled, showing off her teeth in what could have been assumed to be in an intimidating fashion. “Oh yeah? Well it didn’t work, because I can still taste the burnt toast! And while we’re at it… wait a moment,” the vaporeon frowned, tilting her chunky head curiously. “How did you know I had been eating sweets?”

The goat bleated a quiet chuckle. “Well, your muzzle and chins are covered in chocolate, unless you accidently fell into a puddle of mud. Honestly, I’d be surprised if you found anything other than sweets inside that building. That’s the only thing I’ve been bringing in there.”

Once again, Vinny felt her jaw bunching up her chins as she stared open mouthed at the bovine. “You… you what?!” 

“Why are you surprised? They’re the cheapest materials I could buy,” he bleated again, shaking his head as if speaking to an arguing toddler. “I hope you didn’t mess up my little project while you were waddling around stuffing yourself with all that food. He’s still buggy after all, I’m working on programming him to help and feed injured pokemon currently. Lately, his tests show that he’s being a little aggressive, which is why I’ve been using soft foods like pastries so he wouldn’t damage himself, but-”

“I don’t give a rattata’s tail about any of that!” The Vaporeon snapped her teeth. “Your stupid project tried turning me into a literal food balloon! You’re as lousy of a robot-maker as you are a sandwich-maker, you know that? But, just this once, I’m willing to forgive all that crud you put me through if you help...get me...outta here!” Vinny huffed, placing her paws against the wall and giving herself one more pull to better emphasize just how stuck she was. 

Alas, her pleas went ignored, just like they had with PCUO, the goat choosing to smirk and cross his arms. “Well, you’re certainly wedged in there tight, aren’tcha? Serves you right for eating all those sweets, you fat blob.”

“But I didn’t eat everything, I-” Vinny gasped, placing a paw to her mouth, but it was too late. She saw the goat’s grin widen even further before he turned to walk right past her, heading straight to the door. “Well, better make sure you finish what you started there, tubby! Maybe that’ll teach you to not bite off more than you could chew!”

And so, the goat vanished, only to return with an armful of the uneaten sweets from earlier. As Vinny found herself forced to eat another enormous meal, forced to swell and grow even fatter than before, forced to wedge herself tighter into the narrow opening, only one thought stayed in her mind: today would mark the first day where a pokemon had been defeated by food.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/28381766/