Aaaah I'm so angry, my new computer doesn't have my favorite font in MS Paint (Elephant)! Now I gotta settle with Georgian for a while *huffs angerly*

Anyways, this is a trade/gift thingie for  blkdragon that I've worked on and off on for the past 5 months or so. And instead of yelling at me about it like a normal person should, BLK decided to draw the icon you see here (I tried embedding it into the story as well). Stop being so nice to me! *Angerly huffs again*

Just a side note that this will be the last docx file I'll be uploading for a while. Since I don't want to get Word again on my new computer I'm gonna move over to Google docs which means I'll be converting and uploading PDFs instead. Hope that's all good for everyone!

I hope you enjoy!



Alan wished he had eight pairs of eyes. There was just too much for him to take in all at once! The sheer size of the new mall was almost too much for the small and skinny dragonic-looking Demon who swiveled his scarlet-hued head around whenever something shiny caught his eye. “Ooooh, an Asian Antique store! Look, I can see my reflection on this weird vase thingy! Hey, check out how many coins are in this fountain? You think anyone would mind if I ‘borrowed’ a few wishes? Oh I know, let’s swing by the food court real quick! I bet no one would notice if I helped them grow into a healthy winter weight-?”

	The bright red Demon's  train of thought was derailed as he found himself yanked into the air by his tail. Dangling upside down, the little reptile found himself almost muzzle to muzzle with the far larger BLK, an angry snarl on his spotted brown face. “How about neither? We’re just here to browse, remember? NOT to mess with other people and their figures.” 

	Alan couldn’t help but smile nervously as he dangled slowly like a pendulum. “Oh, c’mon. I’m sure you’d like me to ‘enhance’ someone other than you for a change, right?” He giggled impishly, playfully patting the unamused drake’s snout. “Besides, I know you’re really here just to check out the food court yourself. How’s that diet coming along, by the way?”

	BLK’s bright yellow eyes shot wide open as he realize he had been unintentionally heading towards the escalator, knowing the food court was directly above him on the second floor. Stopping in his tracks, the larger drake dropped Alan, who bounced off his gut before collapsing on the floor. 

While not exactly the fattest occupant in the mall, BLK was certainly the largest present. Standing at a whopping 7 feet, the wingless drake had to duck under most doorways to squeeze through. Even though his height alone drew quite a bit of attention to him, it wasn’t until after a series of feasting and poor decision making did BLK gain some girth to him as well. Even now, he found himself struggling to hold his belly still, chub squishing between his claws. “W-where would you like to go, then?” BLK asked after some time, finally giving into the embarrassment.

With a triumphant smile, Alan hopped back onto his feet and wondered forward, swishing his tail about with glee. “I thought you’d never ask.”

The two continued through the mall for quite some time, with Alan jabbering about all the neat stores lined up and BLK consciously avoiding anything food-related like the plague. With the taller drake’s mind focused elsewhere, Alan was able to convince his friend to go on a small shopping spree, buying all sorts of unnecessary goodies that they wouldn’t buy normally. Soon, the two dragons were loaded with the spoils of shopping, plastic bags hanging from their arms, tail, and even on BLK’s horns (Alan had convinced him this was good exercise if nothing else). 

“It’s official, this place is the best!” Alan gleefully shouted, a pair of large sunglasses bouncing on his head. “Who would have imagine there’s a store that sells both videogames AND fidget spinners?! It’s like if Amazon was a real place or something!” 

BLK simply grunted in response, his arms shaking under the weight of a dozen bags. He should have known he wouldn’t be leaving the mall without some extra baggage, although he was rather grateful the extra baggage wasn’t more of himself this time. He couldn’t count all the times he would take his magically-potent pal out somewhere to escape a typically boring day at the house, only to end up the size of a skyscraper or at least as heavy. Heck, he certainly felt a bit lighter after all that walking, even if most of that weight was cash, and he found a great 2-for-1 deal at the Potted Plants Emporium.  Maybe this little trip wasn’t such a bad idea after a-

“OOOOOOH! BLK, you have to check this out!” 

 The brown dragon nearly leapt out of his skin from the sudden shouting, instead merely bouncing just high enough to jostle his belly. “W-what is it?” 

“Look!” Alan pointed eagerly towards a small stall in the middle of the hall. The smudged glass and rusted metal made the counter stand out quite a bit, especially when surrounded by the mall’s shiny linoleum floor and marble pillars. Everything about the stand looked very cheaply made and pieced together (BLK could have sworn he saw scotch tape along the corners of it) but that wasn’t what made Alan cried out.

It was what the stall was selling.

“Check it out!” The small red Demon darted over to the stand, pointing at the sign above it which read “Zero’s Zero Calorie Weight Loss Juice.” Even if the sign was just a white board with sloppily painted lettering, Alan felt excited nonetheless. 

BLK sighed as he got a closer look at the stand, having to brush aside the bag hanging from his horn to get a better view. “C’mon, Alan, those things never work. Trust me, I’ve tried,” the brown reptile gestured towards his round middle.

However, Alan remained unconvinced, not even bothering to look back at his friend. “No, seriously, check it out! They’re like super cheap compared to everything else here!”

“I appreciate the gesture but I’m not trying any of them! If I’m gonna lose weight, I’d rather do it through diet and exercise rather than try some cheap worthless-“

“They have watermelon flavored ones.”

“I’ll take five.”


BLK’s blush refused to leave his face even after he purchased the drinks and walked away from the dealer. How foolish he was, thinking he could avoid embarrassing himself even for a minute with Alan around. Even as they sat at the bench furthest away from everyone, the dragon avoided eye contact with anyone, paranoid that someone would recognize him as the fatso who bought a ton of diet supplements just because of the flavor. And he was supposed to be the responsible one. 

Meanwhile, Alan continued prodding his soft sides with one of the bottles, oblivious to the taller drake’s melancholy. “Aren’t you gonna try one?” 

“Not right now, too tired,” BLK grunted, the constant jiggling getting on his nerves. Carrying around all those bags was quite taxing on his out of shape body. He just hoped he wouldn’t wake up too sore and forego is morning routine because of it.

“Want me to feed it to you then?” Alan perked up, standing on the bench to reach BLK’s muzzle. “I promise I wo-“

“Touch me with that thing again and I will sit on you.”

BLK almost cracked a smile watching the little drake hop away from him. Almost. The brown dragon looked at the purple bottle in his claw disdainfully, as if this was the epitome of bad shopping decisions, despite the numerous bags littered beside him. Was he really supposed to lose weight by drinking a vial that looked like it had the nutrition label clawed off? Talk about sketchy… Still, he did pay money for this, and if nothing else, it could try to enjoy the flavor. His mouth was feeling a little dry, after all (had he been panting the entire time? Just how out of shape was he?) Unscrewing the bottle cap, BLK lifted the bottle to his lips, taking a small sip… then a gulp…followed by two more. Before he knew it, he had completely drained the entire bottle, only leaving behind a few droplets. 

“Well, how was it?” Alan asked curiously, even if the answer was plastered on the taller drake’s chubby face. 

“Mmmf, amazing!” BLK burped softly into his claw, a bright grin replacing his previously dour attitude. He didn’t even care that Alan was poking his side yet again with another bottle of Weight Loss Juice. Instead, the large reptile snatched the vial out from his hand, chugging that one down even faster than the first. Soon he was downing bottle after bottle, mumbling praises in between sips. BLK couldn’t tell if it was the flavor or the chemicals, but something in the drink caused him to feel completely relaxed and at ease. His stiffened muscles loosened up, his composure was more slumped and relaxed, he even allowed his gut to hang out after keeping it sucked in for so long (although it did hang out a bit further than he remembered). Had he not been so focused on his drink, however, he might have noticed the grin widening on Alan’s face, or something else widening for that matter. 

With a muffled burp, BLK brought the last bottle away from his lips and sighed blissfully, licking his lips. “Oh man, that stuff was truly *hic* divine! We should totally grab more on the way out!” 

Alan sat up in his seat and beamed. “Even better than my lemonade?” 

BLK grimaced. “Urf, great. You just ruined the aftertaste.” 

“Hey, it’s not my fault you have horrible taste in delicious beverages!” Alan snorted, prodding the larger dragon’s soft stomach. “I bet you don’t even mean that, anyways. You’re just trying to give yourself an excuse to try out the food court.” 

“Well, yeah, but…” BLK sighed midsentence, a small blush forming on his round cheeks. “Was it really that obvious?”

The smaller dragon snickered. “Of course it is, bud.”

	“Well… let’s just get something small.”



	But he didn’t. As the draconic duo walked towards the food court (well Alan walked, BLK sort of shuffled/waddled), the larger dragon’s stomach continued to gurgle and growl, the loudest of which drew attention from others. At first BLK was rather embarrassed by his out-of-control stomach, but soon the delicious scent of the food court found its way to him, and all he could think about was trying as many different restaurants as possible! 

This time, it was BLK’s turn to be completely overwhelmed at the sheer variety and quantity of restaurants before him. The food court was inside the massive clearing towards the center of the mall (“How did we not notice this earlier?!”), lined up with literally dozens of different restaurants, each one looking completely foreign and deliciously irresistible. Upon seeing the hungry look on his friend’s face, Alan chuckled and patted the larger drake’s gut. “I’ll find us a table somewhere, alrighty big guy? You just focus on grabbing whatever looks delicious!”

Normally BLK wouldn’t trust Alan to make him a sandwich, let alone hold a table for the two of them, but the dragon was too eager/hungry to care this time. Instead of responding, BLK made a beeline towards the nearest restaurant, mentally reciting his order several times while in line. Not that it mattered much, as the drake would eventually try ordering one of everything. It never once crossed his mind that a large, round-bellied dragon smiling while carrying an armful of food would be considered rather humorous to anyone watching, all he thought about was where to go next.

He visited restaurant after restaurant, making several trips from the eateries to the table Alan picked out (which was actually four tables pressed together, not that BLK needed to know) and back again, all while mentally praising himself for all the hard work and exercise he was doing. It was a lot of hard work carrying so much food after all, and with all the walking he was doing on top of that, he’ll be a skinny reptile in no time! 

However, even his optimistic thinking couldn’t save him from the horrendously long lines in front of the more popular eateries. Thankfully, the more restaurants he went to, the shorter the lines tend to be… at least, they appeared shorter, as did several of the furs he waited in line with. He was used to being the tallest one in the room, but seeing so many furs shorter than his chest was rather puzzling. 

Nearly half an hour after they had arrived at the food court, a very hungry BLK was finally making his way back to the table for the last time, carrying the last of his mini-buffet with him. “Sorry about the wait, the lines were all pretty long.” The pudgy dragon panted as he laid out the rest of the food onto the table, struggling to make it all fit. “Man, it’s a shame the tables here are so small. I can hardly fit here,” he grumbled, struggling to seat himself on two chairs.

Alan grinned and shrugged. “Who knows? Maybe we wandered into the kid's  area by accident.” The small reptile was about to suggest looking for a better table, but decided against it as he realized BLK wasn’t listening. Instead, the brown drake was busy cramming as many burgers and fries into his muzzle as he could reach, his cheeks puffed out to ridiculous proportions.

BLK moaned with ecstasy as his maw was overwhelmed with pure flavor, grease running down the edge of his mouth before disappearing in his neck folds. Everything was delicious, simply delicious, no other word to describe it! Maybe it was the weight loss juice enhancing the flavors or the fact that he had been eating nothing but salads and water for the past week, but everything was just sublime! And not just the burgers either! The Japanese teriyaki was as exotic and it was delightful, while the New York pizza was simply irresistible! His claws were a blur as he flung morsel after tasty morsel down his gullet, unable to stop himself if he wanted to. Everything tasted so rich and full of calories, but wouldn’t gain a single pound thanks to the weight loss juice, right?

Well, Alan had to disagree, as did anyone watching the spectacle. All that food had to go somewhere after all; in BLK’s case, his stomach. The dragon’s middle blimped outwards at a very noticeable rate, overtaking his lap and some of the table in mere minutes. Likewise, the drake’s entire frame was thickening to compensate for his belly’s growth. His shoulder’s broadened, his limbs plumped, his rear starting to warp around his two chairs. Every bite BLK took seemed to add a dozen pounds to his already hefty frame, but what made other furs truly stop to stare was how the dragon wasn’t just growing outwards, but upwards as well!

BLK’s height shot upwards by several inches every few seconds, each surge jiggling his impressive body.  Already impressively tall before hand, it didn’t take long until the dragon was as tall sitting down as a normal fur was standing! Soon his legs were having difficulties fitting beneath the tables, in which case BLK was forced to spread them apart. Even so, it didn’t help matters much once his stomach starting impeding his eating as well. 

“Erf, stupid BWARP gut! Can’t wait to lose you,” BLK growled, his voice much deeper than he remembered. Reaching around his plump belly with his thick arms was rather difficult; fortunately, Alan was there to save the day. 

“Don’t worry bud, I gotcha covered,” the sleazy reptile smirked as he climbed atop the dragon’s doughy middle, handing him tray full of foot long sandwiches. “It’s not every day you get to eat whatever you want and get away with it, right? Keep going!”

“I will, thanks!” BLK beamed and took the tray in his claws (were the trays always this small?) and overturned it into his open muzzle, gobbling up the sandwiches with ease. At this point, the onlookers didn’t know if they were watching a circus show or simply hallucinating; it wasn’t every day you see an already large drake blow up in size, nor the enthusiasm in which his friend fed him from atop his growing stomach.  He was easily visible to everyone in the food court, with some of the restaurant workers pausing what they were doing to watch the show. Bigger and bigger BLK grew, his back literally as broad as a barn, devouring entire meals like they were little snacks. As BLK grew, so did Alan’s grin, the little reptile clearly enjoying his chance to toy with his friend. Unfortunately, he would have to hurry and wrap things up before said friend finally understood what was going on.

However, that time was now. 

The chairs weren’t fairing to well beneath BLK’s incredible growth, their reinforced metal legs groaning and bending beneath his weight. Once the dragon was nearing house-sized, they couldn’t take it anymore and snapped into several pieces, dropping the immense drake onto his oversized rump. It wasn’t much of a fall, especially compared to how tall BLK was, but the jolt of falling several inches followed by the constant rippling of his flabby flesh cleared up the fog in his head he didn’t know he had. 

He was enormous, a mound of scales and blubber! He looked over his claws and gasped in shock as they realized he could easily hold Alan in his grasp.

Alan... 
Just then, the miniature drake waved a chimichanga in front of his enormous snout, bouncing on his squishy gut. “C’mon, bud! You’re three away from getting a “buy 10 get 1 free” deal!”

BLK’s window-sized eyes narrowed down at the eager reptile, who stopped bouncing as he slowly realized what was happening. “Oh… erh, having a nice meal, pal?”

BLK answered with a swipe from his meaty paws, trying to catch the red dragon to teach him a lesson. However, he was far too big and sluggish to even reach his friend, let alone do so swift enough before Alan could react. 

"Yipe!" Alan flailed and hopped off the dragon's bulging belly, escaping using the only method he knew: causing even more trouble. "Help! There's a crazy giant dragon trying to eat me!" 

"Wait, what?!" Several of the furs, including BLK, shouted. While some watched the dragon gorge and grow into his current size from the beginning, most of the crowd only noticed BLK after he was taller than 10 feet, and by that point he was so grand it was difficult to notice Alan at all, or what the big drake was eating for that matter. Soon, vivid images of a white-haired, brown dragon gobbling down furs by the pawful began spreading through the audience's mind, and the food court was filled with screaming and panicking.  

"W-wait, guys, stop! It's not what it looks like!" BLK felt himself start to panic as well as the dozens of furs started scrambling away from him, tripping over each other in a mad bid to escape the supposed "monster." His words were wasted on the crowd, who could only hear the groans and roars of a kaiju, and not that of a severely misunderstood reptile. With great effort, BLK hauled himself onto his feet, his stomach almost throwing too far forward, and pushed himself upwards, accidently breaking a table with his claws. 

Naturally, panic increased as everyone saw the enormous tubby dragon start moving towards them, but that was the least of BLK's worries. "Alan, I know you're hiding so- ULP!" The dragon hiccuped, and suddenly he grew another 5 feet, now able to see over the second floor! 

"Ruuuun! He's getting bigger!"

The screams intensified, as did the other sounds of mass hysteria. Amidst the chaos, however, BLK somehow managed to spot a flicker of red scales behind the avalanche of panicking furs, and waddled forward.

"He's coming after us!"

"Oh man, I don't wanna get eaten!"

As BLK marched forward, he steadily continued to grow taller, with most furs being not even reaching halfway up his knee. Even with his eyes locked on Alan, he was careful to avoid stepping on or harming an innocent bystander, although that became more challenge as his gut grew with him. "Almost... have him..." BLK was hardly waddling at this point, but each step he took cleared more than 10 paces a normal fur took. Closer and closer he loomed towards Alan, who was visibly  starting to worry as much as the crowd around him was. "There you are, you little trouble maker! Shrink me back down this instant!" BLK roared, the crowd of furs leaping out of the way of his reach, leaving Alan alone in the middle of the area...

Squish!

BLK grunted as he suddenly ground  to a halt, his yellow eyes wide with embarrassment. In his moment of desperation, Alan used his powers to accelerate the dragon's growth tremendously, to the point where BLK was now wedged in the middle of the mall. "Alan, you evil little dirtbag!" BLK squirmed and wiggled but it was all in vain, his sides were firmly wedged into the ledges. He was going nowhere fast, all due to resembling an overfilled Macy's parade balloon. As the dragon's horns starting scrape against the ceiling, and the weight of his growing gut cracked the ledges he was stuck on, BLK let loose one final roar.

"AAAAAAAALAAAAAAN!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/26392960/