So I'm not one to brag, but I think this is my proudest story title I've ever come up with >.>

A Bery fun trade I did with my Bery good friend  berylium of his boar character Kane struggling to fit inside his clothes after a certain husky ( marrel) spikes his snacks with a very fattening ingredient. Both of them got more than what they bargained for when that fattening ingredient interacts very oddly with the boar's appetite suppressants. He WAS on a diet, after all. 

I should probably put like a disclaimer saying not to overdose on pills of any kind though. I don't think they'll make you outgrow a sky scraper, much to everyone's dismay :p

I hope you all enjoy~



	“In conclusion, the introduction of safe-to-swallow materials in our products has more than benefited our company, providing us with a 34% increase in sales regionally and almostasdfabsdfb adsfkjasdf I want food!”

	Kane’s hooves slapped against the keyboard noisily, his attention swiftly depleting as his mind shifted from the finance report he was supposed to be working on to the imminent lunch break. The boar’s productivity took a nosedive whenever 11:30 struck, his mind filling with thoughts of snacks and sweets once he realized he could stuff himself in half an hour. Even after he struck the backspace several times to replace the hunger-fueled jibberish on the computer monitor for something more work related, his mind simply wouldn’t think of how he could end the report. 

	“C’mon, hurry up,” the swine sighed as he stared at his desk clock, the analog time reflecting off of his amber eyes. His pleas were met with a somewhat favorable result, as the clock switched forward to 11:31. Only 29 slow, agonizing minutes left to go until he could finally do something about the gnawing hunger in his stomach. Sighing heavily through his broad nostrils, the boar forced himself to continue working on his project in a desperate bid to draw his attention to something more productive, but even as the keyboard ticked away, there was no denying his insurmountable hunger. 

	Perhaps it was due to his tunnel vision, but Kane didn’t notice his stomach growling and groaning for attention; however, that didn’t mean that other workers weren’t aware of the boar’s hollow middle, as many stopped their work to look over their cubicle towards the source of the noise. He was finally made aware of it when one such worker came by to tap a paw on his shoulder. “Are you alright, bud? It sounds like motorcycle revving over here!” 

	Kane looked up from his computer screen to look at the owner of the paw: a soft-bellied husky with piercing green eyes and a tiny silver stud in each of his ears. The boar could see a reflection of his drooling self in the canine’s glasses, causing him to blush and look away. “Sorry about that, Marrel. I, uh, woke up late today and only had time to make like pancakes and eggs before heading to work. I should be fine, just need to wait a few more minutes till lunch break, right?” Kane asked, trying his best to produce an authentic grin. 

	However, Marrel wasn’t convinced, even more so as he glanced over the boar to read his computer. “Let’s see here. ‘Oh my god, I’m losing my @#$%. If I have to wait one more friggin second, I will literally eat my coffee mug.’ Yeah, doesn’t sound very fine to me.”

	“Who asked you?” Kane growled, scrambling to minimize the spreadsheet. 

	“Your stomach did, that’s who,” the husky smirked. “On a more serious note here, what happened to those appetite suppressants you were talking about earlier? I thought you were trying to keep your weight under control.”

	“They didn’t work,” Kane snorted abruptly, casting a quick glance towards the trash where the pills now resided. “Besides, my weight is under control. I used diet syrup for my pancakes now,” the boar sighed as he leaned back in his chair, glaring at Marrel. 

	Marrel, on the other hand, was staring at the straining buttons on Kane’s shirt. It was quite obvious that the pig’s weight was anything but under control. Topping the scales at over 400 pounds, Kane was one of, if not the largest, worker in the office complex. It’s not uncommon for swine to be somewhat heavyset, but even then he was still comparatively very fat. As mentioned earlier, his 4XL shirt had virtually no wrinkles, with diamond-shaped holes appearing beneath every button to expose small tufts of his light-brown belly. The arms of his sleeves hugged around his biceps, showing off the shape of his tubular arms like cookie dough from a sleeve. His chair creaked ominously as he leaned further back into it, his love handles not only pressing against, but actually resting on the armrests. Not even his rear could be properly contained, the ends of the two bulbous cheeks spreading out underneath the armrests. Simply put, he was one fat piggy, which boggled Marrel’s mind at how oblivious he was to his weight. 

	As if on queue, the boar’s gut let out another loud rumble, to the point where the husky swore he saw it jiggle on its own. “You can’t keep going like this man, you need a sandwich or something pronto. You can head to the break room a little early, can’t you?” 

	Kane looked up to Marrel with wide eyes, regarding the wolf as though he'd shared the company's most closely-guarded secrets. “Really?! W-wait, wouldn’t the boss get mad?”

	“Not as mad as he will be when he finds out everyone’s distracted by your engine of a stomach,” the canine shrugged. “And if he does say anything, I'm sure you can come up with some excuse. I dunno, tell him your leg fell asleep or something. Just make sure you only grab a few snacks, alright? Save some for the rest of us?” 

	But Kane was already on his feet, having moved shockingly fast given his size. “Thank you so much, Marrel, you’re a lifesaver!” The pudgy pig squealed, squeezing the thinner husky against his bloated torso, before practically shoving the poor canine aside as he sprinted towards the breakroom as fast as his bloated legs could carry him. 

	He was already out of breath by the time he reached the double doors, but once he stepped inside his ragged panting turned into an excited gasp. The break room was completely empty! Of course, that was to be expected, seeing as how he was showing up a half hour before lunch break officially began, but considering he didn’t have to wait in line at the vending machine or squeeze past people for a cup of coffee was actually rather exhilarating! Best of all, he still had a full twenty minutes to enjoy himself (if the clock on the wall was accurate) before the other workers started to show up, and by then he could be back at his computer working harder than ever now that his stomach was filled. 

“Why haven’t I thought of this before?!” Kane blurted out, before mentally slapping himself. Not too loud, he wasn’t technically supposed to be here yet. Besides, now wasn’t the time for self-criticism, not when his stomach’s growling could give him away any minute. Rushing forward with his eyes glued to the vending machine and its contents, the boar was just reaching out to the glowing buttons when his sensitive snout alerted him to the presence of a batch of freshly made cookies. 

“Hey now, what’s this?” Kane skidded to a halt to ogle over the baked goods, his hoof still raised. Roughly two dozen cookies rested on a large plate, arranged in a rather pretty floral formation and loaded with gooey chocolate chips. To the boar’s surprise, the cookies were still steaming and hot to the touch, which made him wonder how someone could have baked them without an oven on hand, only to leave them here and seemingly phase from existence. Based on how fresh the sweets smelled, he had to assume they had just finished baking about five minutes ago, roughly the same time when Marrel came by to suggest a break. 

There was no “keep away” sign either, something most lunches brought to work had after a certain swine decided to “sample the wares” some time ago, so Kane assumed the treats were meant for everyone at the complex. Suddenly very proud that he was someone from the complex, Kane licked his chops and swiped a cookie, his eyes rolling back in bliss as he crammed it down his maw. So soft and chewy, yet delightfully rich, the chocolatey sweetness washing over him like a tidal wave of sugar! He had meant to stop with just one, but soon found two more in each hoof. Gulping down the last of the first cookie, Kane quickly stuffed his muzzle once more with the treats in each hoof. Surely no one would mind if five cookies went missing...or seven...or ten… 

Before long, the boar had polished off the entirety of the sweets, even going so far as to lick the plate for crumbs. Kane’s dopey grin was a testament to the cookies’ taste, each treat as good as the last. He felt a little guilty for polishing off the entirety of the batch, considering they were most likely meant for everyone, but then again no one would know since he had eaten all of the evidence, right? But still, the two dozen treats barely put a dent in his enormous appetite, the pig setting the plate back down to swiftly waddle to the vending machine. There, he proceeded to punch in dozens of numbers as fast as possible, almost as if he was using a calculator during an intensive math test. 

Thud thud thud

One by one, bags of chips and snacks fell into the compartment below, the boar ordering enough food for a school field trip. Once satisfied with his purchases (or rather, once his finger started getting sore), Kane bent forward to scoop up the calorie-filled bags, only to stop and squeal with joy. 

	“Oh wow! They have the 8 ounce bags today!” The fat boar exclaimed with glee, his pudgy face lighting up like a Christmas light. He must have been too excited to notice the upgraded sizes earlier, although he was curious how the larger bags could fit inside the vending machine that was meant for 5 ounces. While he would have liked to investigate further, he had more important matters on hand, such as finishing his snack break before the other workers came in. 

Ripping open the first bag of Lays with his tusk, Kane proceeded to jam the end of the container against his chubby muzzle, scarfing down the salty goodness like a pig in a trough. Crumbs and salt leaked out from the bag, bouncing off his protruding gut before collecting on the floor. While Kane would have liked to have kept the room clean, he was still pressed for time, at least that’s the excuse he made up for himself to disregard the mess and continue eating. 

Each bag was gradually drained of all its contents, the majority of which ended up gathering within the swine’s bloated stomach. Roughly ten bags in, he could feel the waist of his pants dig in just a little bit deeper into his middle, or his shirt squeezing at his chest. All painful reminders that he needed to go up a size or two, something he had been putting off for quite some time out of a combination of stubbornness and laziness. 

In any case, that was something he could think about later as he finally finished off the last bag, crumpling it and tossing it to the overflowing trash bin. “Hurf, now that’s what I call a snack,” he sighed, grinning cheekily to himself as he rubbed the edges of his jiggling stomach. A meal like that would certainly tide him over until the end of his shift, he might even be able to make it home without having to stop by a drive through for once! The only consequence of his binge came in the form of a very tight shirt, but he figured he could make it through the day as long as he doesn’t breathe in too-

Pop!

Kane blinked as he watched a button soar across the room, bouncing against the espresso machine before coming to rest near the empty plate. Well, that was certainly something he’d have liked to avoid, but at least he could finally breathe easy agai-

Ping!

“Seriously?” The boar snorted, frowning as he felt a draft around his navel. He knew he had eaten a lot and his shirt was already on its last legs (sleeves?) but enough to pop two buttons from a few snacks? To make matters worse, his shirt felt no more loose even with the buttons gone, meaning he was back to taking slow, shallow breaths once again. Kane groaned loudly. He had just used his break to make a pig of himself when he really could have used it in a myriad of more productive, less button-bursting ways. He had no time to figure out a solution to his predicament now, if he spent any longer in the break room people would start to wonder about him. Heaving as big of a sigh as his tight shirt would allow, Kane shuffled through the double wide doors. Maybe if he took quiet steps, no one would notice that-

Pong! 

Nevermind…

It was a complete nightmare trying to get back to his station, the boar loathing the entire trip down the hall. He was stuck clutching his exposed stomach the entire way, not only in a sad attempt to hide all that chub, but also to stop it from jiggling and popping another button off. Kane knew that he was fat, he was more aware of his weight than anyone, but he couldn’t help but wonder why his gut felt so much softer lately, or how it sagged over his waist past his crotch. If this was all a food bloat, then why wasn’t his belly more round and taut? 

He snapped out of his pondering when his hip thumped heavily against the end of the coworker’s cubical, sending him into a jiggling frenzy! Said coworker, a slim badger, nearly leapt out of his seat from the sound, staring appalled at the obese swine. 

“S-sorry Adrion,” Kane blushed, struggling to hold his gut still as he shuffled as fast as possible towards his booth, very much aware of how loud his footsteps were becoming. He didn’t want to think about his situation anymore, he just wanted to lose himself in his work and try to get today over with. He promised himself he’d jog around the block everyday, although just thinking about moving faster than a lumbering waddle made his legs hurt.

Upon closer inspection, Kane realized that was just his pants cutting off circulation in his legs. 

“I-it’s just the salt making me bloated,” the boar whispered to himself as he finally made it back to his cubicle, his arms and legs stiffening out due to their constricting clothing. It was a weak excuse, but how else could he justify feeling so bloated and heavy? Squeezing into his cubbyhole, Kane turned his computer back on, sighing once more as he sat down to-

RIIIIIIIP!

Well, he tried to sit down at least.

Kane’s face was redder than a tomato, and nearly just as puffy. He didn’t have to have eyes on the back of his head to know that a massive tear just opened up along the seat of his pants, revealing his extra tight tighty-whities. He let out a tiny snort as he noticed the typical office chatter suddenly drop dead, everyone quieting down to try to find the source of the ear-splitting ripping noise. Heads popped up left and right like meerkats around his cubicle, all of them looking in his general direction. All eyes were on him and his exposed flabby middle, but as long as no one decided to walk around to check on him, at least he could keep his ripped pants a secret and say that that sound was him opening a Slim Jim or something. 

“Hey there, Kane! In need of new pants, I see!”

Or not. 

The boar groaned as he heard Marrel’s voice right behind him, flinching as he felt a paw slap his broad shoulder. He dared not budge from his crouched spot in fear of ripping his clothing even further, although staying crouched over his computer was starting to cramp his knees. “H-hey, Marrel. C-could you keep it down?” Kane whispered desperately. 

For some odd reason, the husky didn’t seem to hear his pleas despite standing right next to him, instead reaching over to poke the boar’s flabby stomach. “Golly, you certainly stuffed yourself at the break room, didn’tcha? Your gut’s like a big brown balloon!” 

Kane groaned loudly, shuddering in embarrassment at the canine’s teasing as well as hearing the word “golly” unironically. “P-please stop poking, or else-”

Too late. The rippling from the boar’s stomach caused the fourth button to finally burst off, exposing his flabby belly in its entirety for all to see. The hanging mass of fat sagged over his waistline onto his thighs, pressing against his desk despite crouching a fair distance away. Even with four of his seven buttons popped, his shirt continued to cling tightly to his plumpened sides, leaving little to the imagination as it showed off his voluptuous curves down to the individual rolls and valleys traveling down the swine’s back. While the ends of his shirt parted like the red sea, the remaining buttons continued to strain against his plump breasts, to the point where he wasn’t sure if he was wearing a shirt or a bra anymore. 

	“Oh geez, my mistake Kane. I had no idea this was all pure fat,” Marrel responded with a surprising lack of sincerity, squeezing the boar’s supple love handles. “I know you’re embarrassed about your 600 pound figure, bud, but you shouldn’t wear shirts that are several sizes too small if they’re just gonna burst off that fatty tummy of yours. But, I suppose shirts your size are pretty expensive, especially if you keep outgrowing them.” 

	“M-Marrel, please!” Kane huffed, the excessive groping from the husky causing his pants to rip even further, almost splitting them in half. His legs were burning, but he would rather die than stand up and have everyone stare at him after Marrel’s noisy teasing. In an effort to try and save face, the boar tried speaking up, although his voice was drowned out by his panting. “I’m fine...just a little winter weight… you know how it is...I’ll try and keep...it under control...mind tossing me...my...appetite...repressents?” 

	“Don’t you mean ‘suppressants?’” Marrel snorted before brushing past the flabby boar to where the pills lie. “But hey, I’m proud of you for trying to control yourself, especially if you’re gaining winter weight already in September. Can’t imagine how huge of a prized hog you would be by the end of November if you didn’t take drastic measures! Let me just dig through your trash here...mind scooting back? Your gut’s pressing against my back…”

	With a very deliberate thrust from his rear, Marrel shoved the fattened pig backwards, who fell straight onto his rear despite the presence of a chair. Said chair, which was able to hold Kane just fine a half hour ago, completely shattered beneath his enormous rear, sending bits of plastic flying out from beneath him as he slammed his beach ball cheeks onto the ground with enough force to rattle the coffee mugs of the workers on the floor above him. 

	Kane let out a loud grunt as not only his pants ripped from the fall, but part of his underwear too, revealing parts of his swirly brown ass that didn’t look unlike a pair of large cinnamon buns. His pants tore around his thighs, while his shirt started tearing by his collar and arms, only able to retain so much chub. The last few buttons also flew off the pig’s shirt, downgrading from a bra to a very ill-fitting vest. 

	Dozens of furs ran around to investigate the source of the sudden boom, and when they arrived they all started mumbling to themselves.

	“Oh man, what happened to his chair? Did it break?”

	“Of course not, dude, he friggin broke it! Look how fat he’s gotten! I knew Kane was big, but now he’s a damn porker!”

	“Be nice to him, he just took a huge fall...I mean, it’s huge for someone his size!”

	Kane couldn’t believe a single word they were saying, even though he knew it was true. Even as his gut overflowed his lap, or his cheeks obscuring his vision and rubbing against his tusks, he couldn’t believe he had somehow doubled his already-impressive weight in less than an hour. He simply stared at his expansive middle, still rubbing against the desk despite sitting a fairways away from it, until a bottle of pills dropped onto his shelf of a chest. “Here ya go.”

	The boar turned his head as far as his fat neck would allow to look at the husky’s smirking face, a single soundless word escaping his lips. “Why?”

	“You wanna know why?” Marrel asked back, kneeling down to drape his arm around as much of Kane’s broad shoulder as he can reach. While the gesture may have seen friendly to the surrounding crowd, it was all so the dog could lean his head closer to Kane’s to whisper, their cheeks pressing against each other. “For eight months I’ve had the displeasure of listening to you and that friggin gut of yours churning and growling for hours on end, not to mention all those times you brought food to your desk! Do you know how hard it is to concentrate on working your way to a promotion when some fatass keeps crunching on nachos literally right next to you? You should have been fired, but the boss decided to just make a new rule to not bring food into the work zone, so instead we had to listen to your gut growl and churn, growl and churn! 

“I have no idea why that stupid draolf has such a soft spot for a fatty such as yourself, and even encouraging you to eat more while off break constantly! I mean, you’ve gone up five shirt sizes since you first started working here! Can’t you see how enormous you were getting! Obviously not, otherwise I wouldn’t have to do this.” The husky smiled, patting Kane’s head in a condescending way. “So because you couldn’t see what a big fat pig you were becoming, I decided to speed things up a bit. It’s amazing how fast weight gain powder works, especially when you consume a months worth so quickly.” 

	“But...those cookies were delicious,” Kane whined, feeling backstabbed that sweets could deceive him in such a way. 

	“Indeed, sweet and delicious, just like revenge.” Marrel shoved his arm deep into the boar’s expansive middle, causing him to belch loudly in front of the small crowd of furs. Poor Kane wished he could just disappear on the spot, but that likely wasn’t going to happen soon given his incredible size. He wasn’t even sure he could stand up on his own from this position, and seeing as how Marrel was thriving on humiliating him in as many ways as possible, he figured it wouldn’t be a good idea to ask the dog for help. Nope, there was only one way out from his predicament, one slow and painful method of losing all this weight: dieting. 

	Unscrewing the cap was difficult thanks to his pudgy fingers, but once he managed to pry it open, Kane dumped out the remainder of the diet suppressants and tossed them into his mouth. He wasn’t sure how many he swallowed, maybe seven or eight, but figured at his size he’d need all the help he could get. The colorless pills were bitter, symbolizing how painful his next few years of dieting and exercising would be until he was back to his regular si-

	Riiiiip!

	Maybe not…

	Everyone gasped as the boar’s clothing completely tore off of him, leaving him in little more than his torn underwear. At first Kane assumed this was the work of Marrel’s constant probing, but upon further realization he saw his stomach start to swell visible before him, his waistline expanding several inches a second! Even Marrel seemed surprised by the sudden rise in Kane’s expansion rate, chuckling nervously as he continued squeezing at the boar’s thickening rolls. “Heheh...wowzers, Kane, q-quit stuffing yourself in front of all these people, i-it’s embarrassing me!” But it was evident that no one was falling for the husky’s taunts this time, especially when Kane was filling up almost the entirety of his cubicle completely on his own. 

	“H-hey, buddy, can you try...not getting fatter?” The husky whimpered, folding his ears as his back was pressed against the wall, staring at the rising wall of brown pudge rushing forward to meet him. Try as Kane might, he was unable to even stem his rising flab, his sausage-like arms pinned to his side as he rose higher and higher in his stall, completely smothering his husky co-worker with his cinnamon roll rear. Once the pressure got too great, the walls of the cubical finally bursted down, allowing Kane’s body to continue fattening and growing at an even faster rate, eliciting several screams from the other workers. 

	Kane could do little more than watch his rolling blubber start to dominate his vision, coursing through the room and washing away tables, chairs, computers, and entire cubicle like a tidal wave of pudding. Although he couldn’t see behind him, he could still feel his swelling rump press against the walls of the building, spreading out until it started reaching the ceiling! Soon the boar’s head bonked against it along with the rest of his fat, closing his eyes as he could feel his body squeeze in on himself like a T.V dinner. His cheeks completely covered in face, until suddenly the ceiling finally gave way, allowing him to spring up and out into the second floor, before immediately crashing into the next ceiling… and the next…

	He was out of control! Kane was literally covering entire floors of the office complex with his fat in seconds! The sounds of walls and ceilings crashing and breaking constantly bombarded his fat-covered ears, just as debris bombarded his fat-covered everything. Occasionally Kane heard windows shattering, as well as his own sigh of relief as some part of his mountainous flab managed to escape into the outside. 

He could imagine what the office complex must look like, the structure bending outwards as dozens of muffin-looking muffin tops broke through the windows. It was too easy to picture in his mind the concrete breaking and turning to powder due to his avalanche of blubber, or the steel beams bending and snapping like uncooked pasta. Despite the horrifying situation he was in of watching his body gain thousands of pounds a second, Kane couldn’t help but be a little impressed that he was able to literally plow through a building with little more than a scratch. The same couldn’t be said for anything his lard plowed into, considering how his workspace that he had been working at was now buried beneath an ocean of fat. 

 After several minutes and countless ceiling-crashes (he was starting to worry he was gonna develop a concussion), Kane’s head finally bursted through what he could safely assume was the roof, flinching as bright sunlight suddenly assaulted him. When his eyes suddenly adjusted, the boar’s jaw dropped, at least as far as his multiple chins would allow. 

	He had completely demolished the building with his fat! Bits and pieces of the skyscraper now lay strewn about his block-wide belly just like his shirt was a mere 10 minutes ago. It didn’t seem like he wasn’t growing anymore, which really was quite fortunate seeing as how his sides and rear were heavily morphed around the buildings to his sides and back, and his stomach pressing against the structures across the street! Any bigger and he’d be knocking down skyscrapers like they were dominos. 

	A thought that brought a smirk to Kane’s face, even if it was hidden beneath his car-sized cheeks. 

	He was so friggin huge, how could he not find this situation hilarious?! Before he was heavy and useless, now he was literally crushing his old job beneath his enormous ass, and the instigator behind all this was reaping what he rightly sowed. He couldn’t even feel Marrel beneath his thousand ton bulk, but was seriously hoping the husky was enjoying this as much as he was! He couldn’t wait to see himself on the news with the headline “Bulbous Boar Squashes Skyscraper” or something ridiculous like that. Kane didn’t even mind the cars driving headlong into the sudden wall of brown blubber before them; they were crashing into something softer and squishier than an airbag, after all. 

	And to make this situation all the more hilarious: he was still hungry!

	Grinning widely, Kane glanced down at his expansive pudge and shouted as hard as possible, even if his voice was drowned out by his growling stomach. “Hear that, Marrel! I told you those pills didn’t work!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/28629979/