A little giftie I wrote for  fayker featuring lots of fats, eating, teasing, and my first attempt at a master pet relationship. This is the true definition of a speedwrite, in that I had no idea what I was doing as I was writing this haha. The minute an idea popped up, whether it be from me or Fayker, I quickly wrote it down and kept going until, surprise surprise, it was 3 AM and I had written 4.5k words haha. 

I hope you all enjoy~



	“You’ll have to pardon my tardiness, I was held up with some...personal affairs.”

	King John sounded every bit as pompous as he looked, the royal raven making quite the impression even as he stood casually in the doorway. He was dressed in a golden breastplate and iron leggings that made it seem as if he were off to war, when in reality he was simply attending a meeting with the kingdom’s nobles. Gold wrist cuffs, gold boots, gold scarf, even the avian’s crown shined a bright yellow in the lamplight, causing the closer nobles to squint their eyes. The only attire the raven didn’t sport that wasn’t glistening and expensive was his cape, which was a bloody red with silver edges. In a way, his gaudy appearance helped offset his midnight-hued feathers, giving him an oddly striking appearance. Truth be told, everyone in the room was getting rather fed up with the monarch’s blazzen fashion, but they wisely kept it to themselves. 

	Or rather, they were finding it difficult to speak. For the very first time, there was someone in their room who appeared even more outrageous than the king himself!

	“Come now, Milo, we musn’t keep these kind people waiting any longer,” John’s deep voice purred as he tugged on the shiny gold chain, pulling along his wheezing, panting, exhausted pet...that is, before he got himself wedged in the doorway. The opening was flooded with a tan sea of feathers and fat, all of which belonging to a very out of shape eagle. 

A very out of shape eagle who was more concerned with stuffing the rest of his three donuts into his pudgy beak than acknowledging the horrified crowd before him! “Mmmf, custard. Mah faaaavurite!” He moaned, his full cheeks impeding his speech as his eyes rolled back in sheer bliss. Milo was impossibly fat, there was no denying it, but there was also no denying the joyful grin spreading across his chubby face as well. Years and years of untold gluttony and sloth had turned the bird of prey into a bird of blubber, a servant to a king as well as his own stomach. Many would find it difficult to relinquish their own humanity to become the monarch’s pet project, but Milo accepted without any hesitation! Who cares if he had to wear a shiny gold collar and harness around at all times? His blubber did a great job of hiding most of it! Who cares if he couldn’t see his feet when the servants brought him everything he desired from his spot next to the king’s throne? The only time he ever actually had to walk on his own were to these boring meetings and back, but while that started off being a small price to pay for living in the lap of luxury, lately these excursions down the hall were starting to take their toll on him. 

This door, for example, was really grinding deep into his side rolls! Like an over inflated water balloon, Milo wobbled and squished with all his might, his thunder thighs quivering through the effort. His puffy cheeks turned a bright red, his doughy wings throwing themselves at the sides of the wall in a desperate attempt to squeeze him through once he was done eating from them. The nobles all gasped at the sight of it all, afraid the obese avian would take out the entire doorway with him! The only one in the room who didn’t seem concerned about the eagle’s ordeal was John himself, who chortled as he idly tugged on the leash again and again. If these fools thought he was fat now, imagine their surprise when they’d later find out two servants were shoving themselves against Milo’s rear, one on each cheek!

Wedge by fatty wedge the blobby bird squeezed through, until with one distinct pop he stumbled forward! A sharp gasp erupted once again as the nearest members flinched, afraid Milo would uncontrollably fling his tonnage on them, but thankfully he managed to stop just short of the meeting table. With one wing resting against said table, Milo took this moment to lean forward and catch his breath, his sagging belly bouncing against his thighs as it swelled in and out with each breath. Three full minutes passed until he finally found the strength to turn his head as far as his fat neck would allow, smiling weakly at the king. “D-did I *urp* do good, m-master?” 

“Yes, you did very good,” John’s beak curled upwards into a sneer, gesturing the pile of  elegant, hand-stitched cushions beside him. “Please, take your seat, Milo. Your reward will come by soon.” 

Eliciting a squeal of joy, the eagle promptly straightened himself up and shuffled over to his spot on the pillows before plopping his enormous rear down, his belly overtaking most of his thighs and sagging nearly to his talons. With a content chirp, Milo closed his eyes and leaned his chubby head against the armrest of the king’s chair, where he was rewarded with a few gentle pats. “Well then, now that everyone is accounted for, I would like to begin the meeting with-”

	“H-hold on a moment, sire!”

	John furrowed his brows. It was a dangerous act to interrupt a king mid speech, but as he turned to face towards the feminine voice in the back, he was shocked to see the vixen’s attention wasn’t even on him. “Is that...really Milo?” 

	“Of course! Who else would it be?” That sneer soon returned to the king’s face, reaching a feathery claw down to squeeze and squish the jowls of his beloved eagle. “Know any other pets this pampered and well-fed?” 

	“I don’t...and that’s the thing!” The fox, who John somehow remembered her name being Ellen, spoke up once more, gesturing towards the puddle of feathers. “He needed two seats at the last meeting three months ago, but he was a twig back then compared to now! How on Earth has he managed to become so...colossal?” 

	A faint blush swept across Milo’s pudgy cheeks as he looked down, met with the glaring sight of his protruding moobs and bulging gut. He knew the answer to that question before John even spoke. “Shortly after that meeting, my poor little Milo whimpered and complained about all the walking he had to do, the spoiled thing. I wanted to scold him for being so lazy, but that’s hardly a face I could say no to! So I forbade him for walking, letting the servants bring all his meals to him personally, as well as doubling his portions just to be safe. Isn’t that right, my precious pudgy puppy?” John cooed, smooshing the eagle’s cheeks together until they were pancakes. 

	“Y-y-yush mashter,” Milo whimpered, his vision briefly impaired by the two brown globes of chub. His stomach chose a wonderful time to start growling at that moment, further proving John’s point (as if he needed more proof!) that his pet was little more than an eating machine. Milo might have felt abashed by this if it weren’t for the fact that his master had promised him more food if he was on his best behavior. This meeting did cut into his third lunch, after all. 

	However, Ellen still remained unconvinced. “Th-that harness he’s wearing. Those are the same used to train baby elephants at the circus, are they not? And yet look how tightly those straps are digging into his chest! He must weigh almost 80 stone!”

	“86 actually, but you are correct on the harness, I’ll grant you that.” John gave another sharp tug on the leash that, while not enough to budge the near-immobile bird beside him, did a great job of sending his pet’s doughy chest wobbling around. “If you still don’t believe this is really Milo, why don’t you come up and inspect him yourself, O Ellen the Wise?”

	It was a rather crude insult, but the fox didn’t seem to take notice of it. Her eyes were enraptured by the jiggly mess of feathers and fat the entirety of her walk over. She didn’t stop until her muzzle was a hair’s width away from the eagle, who looked up at her with wide, timid eyes. “He’s so...massive,” she murmured, stroking a claw along the side of Milo’s face, shocked to find that she could lift the bird’s pudgy cheek before letting it bounce back down like a miniature belly. Milo dared not say anything in return, instead breathing nervous shallow breaths as he felt the vixen examine him. His blush worsened when the fox slid her finger down his chins like an accountant filing through documents. Had he always had that many chins? 

	“Had your fill?” John mumbled, watching the exchange with interest. Much to his growing annoyance, his question was left ignored as Ellen proceeded to struggle in lifting each of the avian’s wings, her paws sinking into the sagging flab. It was at this point that the king came to the realization that the entire room before him was watching with more fascinating than they had ever shown him before. “Why don’t you all come and marvel at my fat pet?” 

	They did. Milo’s yellow eyes shot wide open as nearly a dozen furs crowded around him, his vision filled with their arms and paws reaching around him. This was nothing like the relaxing, soothing massages he would receive from his two personal servants, rather it was simply 20-so paws clamping and squeezing at his multitude of folds, jiggling him about like a toy cto be played with. A squeeze of his pudgy face here, a wiggle of his chins there, two paws bouncing his breast-like moobs around like puddy, and the few claws scritching along his arms and legs looking for any semblance of muscle buried beneath all that flab. The majority of those claws, of course, went directly towards his billowing belly. The nobles acted almost like school children as they fought for the right to squish, knead, squeeze, and more to the giant sack of feathery lard, taking turns seeing how far they could dig their arms. One draolf managed to sink his arm almost up to his elbow near the eagle’s belly button before a massive belch erupted from the poor bird. Milo tried shying away and asking them to leave, but the only noises that came from his beak were whimpers, whines, and the occasional burp. Not to mention a very, very high pitched squeak when someone grabbed one of his chair-crushing cheeks. 

	In a bizarre change of thought, Milo wished he was even fatter just so he could block the constant comments being made about him from all angles. 

	“I can’t believe it, this is actually a person and not a walking beanbag chair!”

	“How did he even manage the walk over here?! Look at those scrawny talons! How could that carry all that bird?!”

	“They probably needed a team of servants to haul him up. I mean, that’d be easy, considering there’s so much to grab!” 

	“Are you guys seriously glossing over how giant that gut is?! He could fit half the larder in there!” 

	“I know! He ate three donuts like it was nothing, and his stomach is still growling, just listen to it! For all we know, he probably swallowed a lion earlier!” 

	If Milo wasn’t aware of his weight earlier, he was painfully aware now. On and on the nobles toyed and played with him, some even trying to see if they could squeeze their fingers in between his fleshy chest and the tight golden harness (they couldn’t). He tried looking up towards his master for help, only to catch a brief glance of the king’s glowering stare before the fox from earlier pulled his head back towards her, interested in watching his chins jiggle. 

	“He...needs a diet.” 

	“No!” Both Milo and John (and probably some of the nobles as well, it was a very chaotic scene) shouted out in unison, the former’s voice causing everyone to jump back. The shining raven stood up from his throne, his face burning as bright as his pet’s, although where the eagle’s was full of shame and embarrassment, the raven’s contained nothing but rage. “I’ve listened to you lot drivel and mumble like incoherent toddlers over my pet ever since he came into this room! And for what, to hear you nobodies suggest he slow down his eating?!” 

	A noisy gulp echoed throughout the room before it returned to silence, save for the king’s frantic breathing and the eagle’s growling stomach. Despite his overeager stomach, however, Milo was currently flinching and hiding from his master’s wrath, sinking his head into his pudgy self when the raven continued his ranting. “I am king of this land, you hear me?! King! I will not be disrespected like that ever again! In case your simple minds had forgotten, I hold all the power and wealth in this realm, and it is with my generosity that you lot remain as wealthy as you are! My pet is proof of my wealth, is he not?! The whole bloody reason I fattened him up was to prove it to you lot, but if you need yet another demonstration, then so be it.” 

	His voice had dropped low, almost dangerously so. No one, not even Milo, had seen the king get so worked up, the raven’s feathers now as shriveled and messy as the eagle who had a dozen people messing with his body! “Servants! Bring in everyone’s lunches!” 

	The two furs standing outside, having finally caught their breath after finally hauling Milo’s fat ass through the doors, groaned as they realized they had another impossible task before them. They went, albeit with some muttered complaints, and came back with a team of similar servants pushing along trolly after trolly of food. The nobles quickly recognized the food as their after-meeting meal they would receive at the banquet, although something told them that this wasn’t for them. 

	But in case it wasn’t obvious enough, John made a point to tell everyone as he picked up an eclair. “I want you all to understand that even my pets can be as spoiled and fattened as they pleased, by stuffing this turkey until he pops!” Then, without warning, he turned around and thrusted the pastry straight into the eagle’s hanging jaw! 

	Milo nearly gagged as his beak was filled with sugar and cream, grunting a bit as he struggled to swallow the entire eclair in one go. He whimpered. All of his feedings up to this point had been gentle and caring, yet here was his master shoving food directly down his gullet. Some part of him, buried deep deep beneath all that blubber he had accumulated over the years, told him that he needed to escape and fast. But even if he could somehow spring to his feet and run out the door without getting stuck, would he even want to?

	That question was soon answered when King John brought forth another eclair, only he stopped inches away from the eagle’s beak. Milo whimpered, forced to stare at this delicious, scrumptious pastry, one of many kinds of food that lead him to this predicament. He couldn’t even bring himself to turn his head away, the knowledge of that making John grin as he waved the hand-baked treat beneath the avian’s snout. “C’mon, fatty, I know you want it.”

	Oh god did he want it. 

	Milo leaned forward and chomped, only to bite at the air. The king had withdrew his arm just a bit, still teasing the obese eagle. Chomp chomp chomp the eagle went, struggling to reach over his mound of a gut and protruding moobs after the third or fourth bite. Soon, he had reached his limit as he uselessly clawed against his own belly. He couldn’t move an inch closer, he was absolutely stuck, with the pastry just inches away from his drooling beak. 

	“M-master...please.”

	“Please what, my little glutton?” The raven’s tone took on a rather childish tone, as if he were dangling a piece of string in front of a cat. 

	“The food...please. I-I’m so hungry,” Milo whined, noticeably fidgeting at this point. His harness digging into him as he leaned so far forward, forming a deep X shaped grove in his chest. 

	“What do you want with the food, Milo?”

	Milo saw the look in his master’s eyes. It was a fiery look, the same kind he gave him during his many, many meals. The eagle recognized the look immediately, as well as what the king was asking of him, and didn’t hesitate to say the right answer. 

	“I want to eat it all, master.” 

	The eagle was almost thrown back at the force John shoved the eclair down his throat, almost eliminating the need for him to chew. “You heard the feathered fatty!” John announced to the crowd, gesturing to the trolleys of food that not only filled the entire room, but spilled out into the hallway. “He wants to eat it all! If I were you, I’d feed him prompto. After all, he’s of a much higher ranking than you lot!” 

	Nobody moved right away. How could they? Forgive the fact that it was difficult to move with so much in the way, the nobles were still processing what they were seeing! They had to feed their lunches to that enormous birdbag? What was this outrage?!

	Yet again, John was surprised to see Ellen move forward once again, only he was pleased to see her hesitantly reach for a plate of roast ham, slowly lowering it to the eagle’s maw. “U-uh, here...do-does he need silverware or anything?” She asked, the fox looking back at the raven for confirmation. Shortly after, she heard the sounds of scarfing, munching and lip smacking, only to turn her head towards a very satisfied eagle, burping out a ribcage onto the plate. 

	“Does that answer your question?” John huffed, gesturing to the next plate. 

	With a nervous gulp, Ellen grabbed the next plate and fed it to Milo, followed by the next plate, and the next one. Shortly after, the other nobles walked forward one by one, offering their services with the impossible task of feeding 20 different lunches to one single eagle. Soon, Milo found himself surrounded by furs once again, only instead of jostling and squeezing their fat, they were offering entire meals! The big bird smiled fondly as he happily took in their offerings, happy to leave his fat wings resting on his sides as food was presented to him. 

	There was so much of it as well! With every plate he cleared, two more would appear before his beak! Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy, eclairs, donuts, pastries, and so much more passed into the feathered fatty’s maw, his grin plastered on his face as he ate. There was so much more food here than his usual meals, and he had so many different people feeding him! What a wonderful day he chose to be a king’s pet! 

To make matters better, the raven had taken a seat next to him on the floor, his beak resting on the eagle’s broad shoulders as he whispered directly into his pet’s ear. “Good boy, eating everything before you. You must be sore hungry, after not eating for sooooo long. I mean, just look at the size of your tum!” He purred, reaching an arm around to hug as much of the doughy sphere he could reach. “Such an massive vessel would require a lot of food to fill, right? Ah ah ah, no moving your wings, hun. My pet doesn’t move on his own anymore, right? Everyone does the moving for him as he eats and eats and eats all day.” 

King John’s voice was so smooth and melodic, Milo might have slept on the spot if it wasn’t for the influx of food. The belly rubs were so soothing, the king’s feathers digging deep into all those rolls to massage his filling stomach directly. This was all too good to be true, truly. Even the nobles waiting to feed the pampered pet used their free time to gently nuzzle or pet Milo, although the prodding was rough compared to his master’s gentle touch, the raven now wrapping a wing around his chubby cheek. “Just eat, pup. Eat and eat, that’s all you want to do,” he smiled, planting a soft peck on Milo’s cheek. 

In all his years as being the official pet, Milo had never received such attention from the king himself! He chirped happily, eager to make his master proud as he quickly gulped down his 9th donut before declaring. “More!” 

“Did you hear that? The pet wants even more!” One of the nobles cried. 

“I heard! He’s eaten enough for three already and he’s still hungry!”

“My word, at this rate he’ll truly be immobile by the afternoon! Does his gluttony know no limits!” 

Milo groaned with ecstasy, their quips fueling his hunger. With the king at his side, he would happily eat everything presented to him, even if he became a bedbound blob! As such, he ravenously devoured the fourth meal as well, the fifth and sixth sliding down the hatch rather quickly as well. The seventh was when the eagle started to feel rather tired, but there was still the eighth...then the ninth…

“Good lord, he’s fattening before our eyes!” 

Milo took that moment’s respite to burp, clearing up some of the space within his stomach. However, that space was quickly filled up as four more plates were brought to his muzzle, each of which slid down without hesitation. During this time, the eagle could feel his colossal stomach slowly inflate before him like an over pumped balloon, growing larger and rounder, stuffed taunt with food. He was quickly reaching his filling point, having eaten more in that sitting than even he would normally eat in an afternoon, yet there was still so much more left to be eaten. 

Sensing his hesitation, the eagle’s master turned towards his pet blob and nuzzled. “What’s the matter, my little glutton. Filling up already? Nonsense, this giant tum of yours can fit anything, can’t it?” The raven growled, slapping the enormous belly before him hard enough to leave an imprint. “Go on, show them how spoiled and pampered a king’s pet can be! You’re too fat to lift a finger, let alone too lazy to want to, so you may as well go back to stuffing yourself like a true swine!” 

Milo whimpered. Suddenly this wasn’t so fun anymore, but he didn’t dare disobey his owner! His maw hung wide open, no longer bothering to chew his food anymore; his jaw was starting to get sore after all. And speaking of sore, his harness was really starting to dig into his middle. 

But he ate. And ate. And ate some more. The tenth went as quickly as its predecessors, the eleventh no different as well. With each meal, the bird’s harness grew ever tighter, his flab spilling out around it while the fabric creaked and groaned under the intense pressure. In a desperate bid to stomach such a massive influx of fattening food, his stomach quickly digested and metabolized as quickly as it could in what little time frame it was allowed. His cheeks grew plumper, now resting on his shoulders, which completely buried the rest of his neck. His wings grew broad and round, hardly able to even flap, let alone achieve lift. His turkey thighs fwump outwards to the size of tree trunks before sharply narrowing down to his pathetically scrawny talons, although even those looked softer than before! 

Which, of course, prompted further analysis from the nobles. No longer content with stroking and patting his engorged stomach, many of the furs before him went out of their way to resume their fondalge over his body, enjoying the plush new layers of lard forming on the bird while fingering the stretch marks running along the avian’s side. 

“Look at that! He’s so obviously uncomfortable yet he can’t stop eating! He hasn’t made a single attempt to close his beak or turn us away!” 

“I’ve never seen such a gluttonous whale!”

“Doesn’t he care about how fat he’s becoming? I mean look at him! He’s way wider than he is tall!” 

This time, King John didn’t whisper sweet promises into his ear to soothe him, the raven instead smirking at the nobles. “Feel free to play around with this petting zoo for one all you want! It’s not like he’s going anywhere!” He cawed loudly, slapping the eagle’s ass hard enough to send it wobbling for minutes on end. “That’s the rear of someone who’s given up at the very thought of moving! Look at that smile (I said smile, not grimace you birdbrain), he’s completely content with eating into he bursts!”

“B-bursts?” Milo gasped, which prompted more food to funnel straight into him. Forget serving the king, he was fearing for his life! The poor eagle whimpered, trying to fend off his feeders at this point, but his neck was too thick to swivel, his arms too tired to lift! He was trapped! Trapped in his own gluttony and obesity, helpless to do anything to deter the swarming mass of furs with food aiming straight down his gullet. All the while his master slapped, hefted, and jostled as much of him as he could reach, doing an excellent job in convincing the nobles that Milo was doing all of this on his own, gluttonous will. 

The sad part was: he was partially right. 

Milo felt a strange feeling of satisfaction as finished off the twelth, his heart swelling with pride at hearing the thirteenth had been eating. So, so painfully slow, his collar and leash now completely buried beneath a sea of brown and tan colored lard. Anyone else would have failed to eat so much at one go, but Milo was different. He was a glutton, a true pet for a wealthy king to feed and tease as they please. And that, was almost worth bursting. 

Then came the fourteenth. 

BAAAAAAANG!

The harness finally snapped off, the sound akin to gunfire! The broken leather practically vanished as Milo’s gut blimped outwards an extra foot, almost knocking Ellen off her feet! Sweet, sweet relief, the feeling of his belly finally extending to his full length enough to make Milo sigh in bliss before passing out, roooooolling onto his back. The room, for the third or fourth time (I lost track) was in stunned silence as they stared at the blob, who’s belly rose up to nearly their heads!

“Guards!”

King John’s voice cut through the shocked silence as two brawny otters suddenly marched into the room. “Roll him back to my quarters at once! I’ve had my fun.”

The muscular mustelids nodded and heeeeeaved at the unconscious avian, his fat blorping and schlorping noisely until they wan smack dab into the doorway. Yet again, Milo was subjected to the rigorous pushings and proddings of others around him as they fought to squeeze him out the door, but at least he was unconscious for this trip. Mostly. The eagle could have swore he heard the king quickly make another command. 

“And make sure he’s presented with another feast of similar size when he awakens! I’ll teach him for stealing all my attention!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/29961662/