Denya and Arro have been working hard to overcome their own insecurities. They decide to reward themselves by heading over to Trin's for some of his...magic brownies. Once the effects kick in, however, they start to unwind quite a bit. Maybe a bit too much~

We're almost to the end! The next chapter will be the last! And you won't have to deal with me spamming FA for a while :p

 Rangavar is co-writer and co-fatty. Chapter is 11.5k words. 

I hope you all enjoy~

Chapter too long; here's the link to the googledoc, or you can download the story. 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/.....it?usp=sharing



Denya was skeptical when he saw Trin pull into the garage. This wasn’t Trin’s house, right? It couldn’t be! Sure, the roo had a pretty cozy home back at their town, but this was...well, it was luxurious! Large, open, with a large front yard and a side yard, despite being close to several apartment complexes. He expected Trin to live in an apartment, or at the very least a tiny hovel of a house, but not an actual large house that could accommodate far more than just an 8 foot roo. Heck, there was even room in the garage for a second truck! 

The truck turned off, and the roo got out of his truck to saunter over to the back where the two fatties were currently wedged. Trin grinned. “What do you think?” 

Denya still couldn’t believe it. “Whose house is this, for real?” 

“Mine!” Trin laughed. “You know my dad’s rich, right?” 

“I mean…” The draolf had forgotten, actually. No wonder the roo always had nice things. “I still think you just stole someone’s house.” 

“What, like I lifted it out of its foundation and walked it over here?” 

“Exactly.” 

“Yup, that’s it.” Trin rolled his eyes. It was nice that Denya thought he was that strong. However, he wasn’t even sure he would be able to get these two fatties out from the back of his pick up. Hell, the roo was surprised his truck even managed the 3-mile trip from their apartment to his house, although the back of it was dipping dangerously low. They were definitely maxing out the carrying capacity. “So, uh...who wants the grand tour?” he asked, in case they needed his help pulling them out. The flatbed looked filled with blubber, half being fluffy and black/white, the other half being scaly and pink. 

Rangavar shut the passenger door behind him as he hopped out the other side of the truck. He’d needed a moment to decompress and focus on his breathing from being trapped in a confined area with Trin’s endless sportsball rambling for the entire past five minutes. “I’m ready for the grand tour,” he said, trying to sound okay. He sure hoped he sounded okay. Although pretty soon, he was going to start riding on the roof.

Arro squeezed out a leg as Rangavar came around and helped lower the tailgate. “Alright. Yeah. I’m ready for a tour,” Arro joined in with a glance at Denya. Arro was pretty sure he was closer to the back, so he started to ease himself out. His other leg was currently bent under Denya’s ball of blubber, so he really only had the one to work with, and also pressed against the side of the flatbed with his arm, scooting along.

It took him a moment to realize that he really hadn’t scooted anywhere. He was wedged against Denya pretty tightly. “Hey, sorry,” he murmured as his face heated up, gently putting an arm against Denya’s ‘side’ - if the huge roll of lard could be called that anymore - and tried pushing himself forward again. His face only grew hotter to realize that he was still having no luck, the flabby surface presenting absolutely no resistance to push against.

“You’re fine,” Denya smiled, before grunting softly as Arro’s arms pressed into him once again. Their ‘seat’ in the back of the pickup was getting smaller by the day. The draolf had wondered if his shower talk with Arro had helped to make the dragon feel a bit more secure about himself. He was still eating truckloads of food whenever he was given the chance, and he was certainly looking softer than ever, although the draolf had literally never known Arro when he wasn’t putting on weight in some way. 

Either way, Denya wasn’t much help either, considering he took up his fair share of the pick up. At this rate, Trin was gonna have to upgrade to a bigger truck, or a Uhaul. The roo did have a job carrying large objects, after all. 

Trin didn’t find the situation quite as humorous as the draolf did, the muscle-bound marsupial more worried about his truck’s suspension being tested. He tried hiding the sheer look of panic he was feeling on the inside as he held out a paw to the dragon. “Need a hand, bro?” Please say yes, for the love of Vaugh.

Arro supposed things couldn’t get any worse. He was already embarrassed, blushing, and sinking his arm deep into Denya’s plush fat without even trying, although fortunately the hybrid didn’t seem to mind. “O-okay.”

Rangavar, standing next to Trin, put out his arms. “I’ll help.”

Arro rolled his eyes. “Yeah. We could always use a pancake.”

Rangavar bristled. “I’m just trying to help you out!”

Arro tried to wriggle again, but all it did was jiggle his whole body, and Denya’s whole body pressed against him, and the entire bed of the truck. He wasn’t proud about any of it. However, he did try to remind himself to feel less bad. Denya wanted him to feel less bad. He took a deep breath and extended a paw to the roo.

Trin quickly took Arro’s paw in his own and started pulling back, grunting at the exertion. Vaugh, these two were getting heavy! Like, seriously heavy! Their sides rubbed against each other so much, it took quite a bit of effort just to slowly squeeze the dragon forward, the roo having to reach over that large gut in the meanwhile. Bit by bit they pulled him forward, and eventually Arro was free to scoot himself out. 

And as he did so, a few greasy paper bags fluttered out from the back truck bed, with a crumpled up Wendy’s logo on them. 

With Arro out, Denya’s bulk was free to fill out to its full size, his sides alarmingly close from reaching both ends of the pickup. Carefully, he scooted himself forward, shaking both himself and the truck. “It wasn’t nearly that tight when we first got in.” 

“That’s because you wanted so badly to stop by the Wendy’s on the way here.” Trin started picking up the paper bags. “You freaked me out when you knocked at the back screen and started pointing. I thought I’d hit something at first.” He couldn’t really see the rear view when he drove, thanks to the two fatties filling out most of the window. 

Denya huffed. “I just wanted a snack.” 

“I heard you order three large meals for yourself.” 

“Exactly! A snack!” 

Trin tried not to roll his eyes in front of Arro. He remembered when Denya had told him that the fat dragon knew about his intentional gaining, and had figured the draolf was done trying to get himself fatter. That was quickly proven to not be the case. Whether he did it on purpose or was completely oblivious to it, the draolf was still eating enough to feed a family of four; a rather fat family of four at that. Denya’s fluffy white middle filled out those massive suspenders to the limit once more, the leather struggling to hold back a gut that the draolf had no hope of getting close to reaching around anymore. Sweatpants were the only kind of pants Denya wore anymore, and even those were looking skin tight against those thick logs he called thighs. He no longer had a neck, just a fat pudgy face with cascading chins that went directly onto his puffy chest and torso. Denya couldn’t even lower his arms at his sides anymore, those tube-like limbs sticking out at an awkward angle thanks to all that accumulated blubber. Trin was all for body positivity, but this was just getting obscene; both Denya and Arro were quickly on their way to outweighing his truck! 

Trin didn’t say anything about it, although his eyes lingered on that jiggling belly a bit longer than he meant to. He didn’t want to say anything in front of Arro and ruin his chances of making friends; that, and Denya seemed hardly concerned with how large he was getting. So, he kept his thoughts to himself. “I hope you don’t mind if the house is a little messy. I was actually in the middle of cleaning the pool before I remembered you were coming over today, heh.” 

Denya blinked. “You have a pool? Then why did we go to the community pool?” 

“Cuz that one’s bigger! Way better for laps,” the roo chuckled. 

Arro wondered if the real reason was that Trin still wanted some water in his after letting him and Denya swim in it. He wasn’t unaware of their continued weight gain. He’d tried slowing down some, but Denya, on the other paw, was really on a roll (no pun intended). The mountain of fluffy white belly certainly wasn’t shrinking.

His own belly filled most of the space around him at all times, including obscuring the tops of his thighs even when he stood. His wide love handles and the curves of his rolls surrounded him during every task, and he sometimes felt like he couldn’t get out of his own way. The band of his own sweatpants was buried somewhere in there, clinging to him like glue. Unlike Denya, he’d been trying to eat less, so at least he was getting larger more gradually. He was pretty sure Denya had surpassed him in width a while back.

Fortunately, the house was spacious enough to accommodate everyone, even the doughy dragon duo. The high ceilings weren’t a surprise, given Trin’s height, but the large rooms and archways instead of doorways made navigating the house rather convenient. It sure beat getting caught or wedged at every possible turn in Denya or Arro’s shrinking apartments. Even Denya was relieved to find he didn’t need to suck in his gut when moving between rooms, and was delighted to discover there were no stairs he’d need to climb. Everything was on a single story, which made the house look even bigger on the inside. 

The interior was really nice too, at least from Denya’s perspective. Trin’s definition of messy was having a few unwashed dishes in the sink and several “Sports Illustrated” magazines filling up the living room couch. There were a few odd design choices, such as Trin keeping weights next to said couch, or having a shelf of his high-school trophies hanging on a wall rack in the hallway, but it wasn’t Denya’s place to critique him. His apartment was a mess compared to Trin’s home, after all. 

The tour was quick enough that they ended up back in the living room within 10 minutes. Or was it the living room/kitchen? Denya wasn’t sure what to call it; it was just a gigantic room, with half of it being filled with two large recliners and a sofa facing a wall-mounted tv, and the other half belonging to what was obviously the kitchen, with cupboards, a sink, a fridge, a stove, the whole nine yards. “Annnnnd that’s just about it, bros.” Trin smiled as he flopped onto one of the couches, facing the two dragons and one dragonoid. “Unless you wanted to check out the backyard, but it’s just the pool and some grass. You can see out the window that’s pretty much it, heh. But yeah, make yourselves at home.” 

Arro was fine with not looking out the window. He didn’t want to walk farther than he had to. Even with the type one mutation, he was running out of stamina from waddling around. He was glad that the house had such huge ceilings and doorways, at least, so that things weren’t constantly… touching, him. “Nice place,” he complimented instead. 

Rangavar wasn’t sure what to say either. Arro was right. It was a nice place.

Denya nodded. “Yeah, I’ll say! What do you charge for rent, dude? I need to move in with you and get out of my crappy apartment ASAP!” 

Trin rubbed his chin, as if pondering the thought. “Hmmm...I’m not sure. I don’t think I have enough room for you, anyways.” 

Denya blinked. “What are you talking about? You have an entire guestroom you’re not using!” 

“Yeah, but I still don’t think it’d be enough room.” Trin smirked. He knew he should be avoiding the fat jokes with Arro around, but that one practically fell into his lap. 

Consequently, Denya proceeded to fall onto his lap. 

“F-fuck!” Trin wheezed as he felt the air force its way out of his lungs, his entire lap and torso overflowing with draolf pudge. Vaugh, Denya was freaking heavy! He didn’t expect the hybrid to sit on him, considering how sensitive Denya was of his wings that were currently imprinting themselves into his chest. Normally, he’d shove the pudgy hybrid off himself, but he was caught in an awkward position with his arms pressed against his chest, weighed down by literal hundreds of pounds of back blubber. He could barely move! “T-the fuck are you doing?” 

“Making myself at home.” Denya let out an exaggerated sigh, happily relaxing into the recliner, despite the roo-shaped lump he was feeling. He tried not to look too happy at the feeling of the muscular marsupial struggling to wiggle beneath his tonnage, jostling his flabby body. Being able to actually overpower Trin with his size alone was rather exciting, even if he had caught the roo off guard. Well, Trin deserved it regardless, and it was a good excuse to show Arro another perk to being plus-sized. Trin should be happy it was Denya who sat on him and not Arro; while the draolf was certainly fatter, the dragon most likely outweighed him by at least a hundred more pounds. 

Of course, he wasn’t unaware that Trin was too busy struggling to breathe to think about the others hypothetically taking turns to sit on him. The roo was actually starting to sweat from being overwhelmed by such a fluffy, flabby mass. “G-get off, bro! Fuck, it’s like f-fighting a blob!” All of his strength was rendered useless due to being caught in an awkward position. Trin wasn’t sure he liked the feeling of being powerless. 

Denya, however, snickered. “I can’t, there’s just not enough room.”

“Denya!”

“Trin!” 

“Fuck off!’ the roo grunted, his face turning a few shades redder. 

“Fiiiiine,” the draolf placed both pudgy paws on the armrests and forced himself up in one solid motion, aided somewhat by Trin pushing on him. Denya grunted as he felt his gut surge forward off his lap, hanging far and low enough to actually send some of the magazines off the coffee table. Oops. 

The roo quickly leapt onto his feet now that he was free, huffing and panting. Denya swore he was looking flatter. “D-damn, dude...You’re only a few Happy Meals away from suffocating me.” 

	“Oh!” Denya perked up. “Speaking of food, can we bring out the brownies now?” His tail wagged happily, thick folds forming whenever he bent it. He was really looking forward to those brownies.

	“After that shit, you’re only getting one,” Trin scoffed, before shuffling towards the kitchen side of the room. With a triumphant smirk, the draolf sat back down in the recliner. 

	Rangavar wasn’t really sure what was going on over there, but was glad he wasn’t a part of it. He nudged Arro. “I could go for a brownie now, if you’re ready.”

	Arro nodded. He pressed his index fingers together. “Uh, sure. I guess.” After all the Wendy’s he just had, he wasn’t sure he was ready. 

	Well, who was he fooling? He was quite obviously the largest person in the room. It wasn’t as if he had to hide being a fatass. He just hoped that whatever food they had with the brownies would be for all of them, not just him and Denya. No need to down piles of empty calories with their two smaller friends just helplessly watching. Even with Denya helping him feel better about his weight, he didn’t want to leave their other friends traumatized.

	And anyway, these ‘special’ brownies would probably make everyone hungry again soon enough.

	Arro went to the nearest unoccupied recliner and carefully lowered himself onto the seat, the fat hanging off his thighs touching the cushion long before the rest of his weight settled on top. His love handles bulged over the armrests and drooped over the sides. The confining shape of the chair made the rest of his massive gut surge forward. Fortunately, though, due to all of his heavy padding, wherever he sat was always comfortable. 

	Rangavar glanced around, looking for a place to sit. With Arro and Denya filling the recliners, it really just left the loveseat, and Rangavar hopped on. Well, until Trin got back, probably. Rangavar would rather sit on the floor than listen to another word about sportsball. 

	Soon, Trin returned with the tray of brownies he pulled out from the fridge, as well as a few paper plates and napkins. Not surprising that he wouldn’t want any crumbs on his furniture. The roo cast a glance at the draolf sitting in his spot, before setting the tray on the coffee table, which had ample room for it after Denya knocked over the magazines. He sighed and sat on the open space on the couch next to Rangavar. “Alright. I know you’ve never had one of these before, Denya, but what about you guys?” He turned towards the two dragons. 

	“Oh, uh, yeah.” Arro wasn’t sure if he wanted to upplay that or downplay it. Would they think it was ‘cool’, or would they think he was just a fatass? Not that they didn’t already think the latter, he supposed. He firmly reminded himself not to care, like Denya had said, and went on, “I sort of, uh, did that stuff in high school a bit. Y’know.”

	“I haven’t.”

	Everyone turned to look at Rangavar. His cheeks turned a deeper shade of gray as he blushed. “What?”

	Arro grinned a bit. “You’ve never told me that.”

	Rangavar scowled. “It’s never come up. Not EVERYONE does drugs, Arro.”

	Arro defensively held up his paws. “I never said everyone! Of course not everyone.”

	Rangavar glanced over at Denya. He supposed the two of them were in the same situation, so the two of them got to stick together. “I’m ready to try one.”

	“You’re gonna eat like half a brownie and pass out.”

	Rangavar made a face at Arro. “I’m going to try one. A NORMAL one.”

	“You’re gonna have, like, a crumb.”

	“Arro!”

	Denya chuckled at the exchange. He was going into this completely new. All he knew about edibles were that they made you act silly and funny, like on tv. “I’ll just have like three, if that makes you feel any better, Rangavar.” 

	“You’re having one.” Trin glared at the draolf. He wondered if Denya forgot that most people don’t eat three brownies at a time. “This is your first time, and I don’t want you drooling on the sofa when you start seeing stars.” 

	“They’re brownies, not shrooms.” Denya rolled his eyes. He leaned forward to grab the brownie, only to quickly remember that his gut reached out farther than his arms could, by a significant margin. “Hey, Trin?” 

	The roo was already on it. He handed the draolf a plate with a brownie on it, the hybrid licking his muzzle hungerly. Even refrigerated, it smelled delicious! Denya took large bites while Trin handed out one to Arro, before pausing as he regarded Rangavar. “Are you sure you want to start with a whole brownie, dude? They’re kinda potent.” 

	Rangavar shrugged. “I mean… yeah.” One was the normal amount, right? He already knew that it was ‘bad’ to have more than that unless he already had a tolerance. He wished Trin wouldn’t patronize him. “I’m just going to try one. Maybe, uh.” He paused to think. “Maybe a small one? You three are probably going to need way more than me anyway.” The corner of his mouth quirked up as he shot a pointed look at Denya and Arro.

	Arro took a bite out of his. Trin had actually done a pretty good job baking them. They barely tasted dank. “These are pretty good,” he said around a mouthful of crumbs. Although he was careful not to lose a single crumb, of course. 

	When Rangavar received his smaller brownie, he looked it over for a moment before shoving the first bite in his mouth. It looked normal, but he could tell it tasted off. Or, uh, ‘dank’, he supposed. He chewed thoughtfully before he swallowed. He knew it was supposed to take a while for the effects to hit, but wasn’t sure how long. 

	He caught Arro staring at him and glared back. “You don’t always have to watch me eat!”

	“This time I’m not!” Arro grinned. “I’m watching you get high.”

	“Fuck off.” Rangavar couldn’t suppress a grin of his own.

	Trin chuckled. These guys did not act at all how he imagined a gay couple would behave. “Chocolate hides the taste of pot pretty well, actually. I just added some extra cocoa powder into the brownies. Tastes pretty good, huh?” he smirked, biting into his own brownie. It was fun to brag from time to time. “I had a buddy in college who added caramel to his brownies. Vaugh, they were so good, I-”

	“Can I have another?” 

	Trin glanced over at Denya, noticing the lack of brownie on the draolf’s plate and the abundance of brownie crumbs on that pudgy muzzle. He wasn’t surprised Denya would be asking for more, yet he sighed and rubbed his face anyways. “I just...it’s going to take an hour until you feel anything, Denya.” 

	The hybrid heaved those massive shoulders into a shrug. “Yeah, and I want another brownie now.” 

	“Why?”

	“Cuz it tasted good.” 

	Trin laughed. That legitimately caught him off guard. “Ya know what? Fine, I’ll cut you another. A big guy like you probably needs it.” The roo handed Denya another similar brownie wedge, watching it vanish beneath the hybrid’s greedy muzzle. At least he was careful not to make a mess, but then again it was hard for crumbs to fall anywhere that wasn’t onto the obese canid’s body. 

	Speaking of big guys; he turned towards Arro. “Did you want a second one, too?”

	Arro paused to think. When he was a smaller dragon - not small, but smaller - he’d eat more than one. And now he was a huuuuuge guy. But on the other paw, it had been a really long time, so he didn’t actually know what his tolerance was like. “Sure,” he finally responded. He figured if his size was the important factor, two seemed pretty modest.

	Rangavar watched curiously as Trin passed Arro the next brownie. “If it’s supposed to take a while to feel it, do you guys want to order food so that it’ll arrive by the time we do?” He was sure that having an absolute feast of Wendy’s on the ride over wouldn’t have deterred the two larger drakes’ appetites too much. And the weed would help, of course. “That way we don’t still have to sit around and wait when it hits.”

	That sounded pretty good to Arro. He looked to the others to check. “I’m down for whatever. We probably shouldn’t get Wendy’s though,” he chuckled.

	“I vote Taco Bell!” Denya beamed. He was already expecting the weird looks to come his way; they had eaten quite a bit of Wendy’s on the way here, after all. “I’d love some chicken and steak quesadillas, and some of those Doros tacos.” 

	“Not even high yet and you already have the munchies.” Trin shook his head, smirking. “Taco Bell works for me if that’s what you guys want.” 

	After getting confirmation with the others, the roo quickly placed the order for two moderate-sized meals and two family-sized meals. Admittedly, he didn’t want to criticize Denya for his decision making; those Cinnabon delights were looking mighty tasty. With the meal on its way, he glanced at his guests. “Till then, you guys up for some games?” 

	“I’d rather not,” Denya mutered, shifting himself on the recliner. “I’m kinda comfy here.” 

	“I was talking about video games, tubbs.” 

	“Oh.” Denya didn’t hold back the sigh of relief. “Yeah, absolutely! Do you have Bro Smash? Rangavar and I have gotten really good at that one.” It was one of their favorite games to play while the draolf was gaining, considering how equally matched they were. 

	“Course I do, dude! Who doesn’t?” Trin laughed. The console was already plugged into the tv as well; the roo just needed to grab four pairs of controllers and flick on the tv with the press of the remote. 

	“Thanks,” said Arro was he was handed a controller. It seemed tiny in his chubby paws. He grinned a bit. “I hope everyone is prepared to lose.”

	Rangavar merely glared determinedly at the screen as he picked his character. He and Denya had gotten TONS of practice. They didn’t fall off the sides of the screen nearly as often.

	When the match was underway, Arro quickly found himself in the lead, which he was really proud about until Trin came out of nowhere and knocked him out. The roo leapt up and held up the controller. “HA! What did you just say about losing?” 

	Arro and Rangavar shared a glance. Arro then saw Rangavar glance at Denya, and it suddenly seemed perfectly clear what they had to do.

	Denya’s eyes flickered from the dragons to the tv, and soon he charged his character after Trin’s. The roo was able to easily counterattack such a head on approach, but it left him wide open for Arro and Rangavar to attack his character mercilessly. And just like that, Trin’s lead vanished at the very sudden tag team. 

	Arro and Rangavar high-fived. Arro wanted to high-five Denya, but there was just… no way. He gave the draolf a thumbs-up from his chair instead. “Good game.”

	Rangavar was able to high-five the draolf, and did so. 

	Denya was very pleased with himself that he made good bait. A shame he had to be eliminated in the process, but it was all to bring down the greater evil. He was happy to have been a worthy sacrifice, a dimpled smile on his pudgy face as he high fived Rangavar hard enough to make his arm fat quiver. 

	Trin wasn’t quite as pleased with the result, especially as he only went after Arro in the first place because the large dragon was winning. He was beginning to think they were teaming up on him on purpose. “Right, good game. You guys play another, I’m gonna go use the bathroom.” The roo stormed off. 

	Denya watched his friend leave. “We’ll wait for you, don’t worry, buddy!” With the game still on the character select screen, the draolf set his two controllers on the...well, the table looked really far away, so he set them on himself. “Are any of you guys feeling anything yet? I’m still at my usual level of empty-headedness.”

	Rangavar snorted. “Not yet.” He was assuming it would be pretty obvious when it hit. He actually hadn’t asked, but if it were gradual, he figured he’d know about it at least by now. 

	Arro sat back and balanced his own controllers on the sprawling gut before him. “Not yet,” Arro agreed. He was already looking forward to the food, though, although he didn’t mention it. “I could go for a few more rounds of this. I figure, even when I start to feel high, my Type Two gene will keep my reflexes sharp,” he laughed.

	Rangavar wrinkled his snout. “Cheater.”

	“I was born this way!” Arro retorted. “And anyway, your species of dragon just naturally has those reflexes, so it’s not like I have an advantage over YOU!” He cast a glance at Denya. “Sorry, Denya. It just occurred to me that you’re the odd one out.”

	Denya snorted. “It’s fine. Some of us are born with superpowers, and some are born with gross nubby wings,” he chuckled, wobbling his great belly. It was easier to laugh at himself after coming out to Arro about how he felt about his wings. This was his way of coping and getting over it; while he’d rather just try and forget he had any wings in the first place, he wanted to show Arro he was making efforts on getting comfortable with his body. 

	Denya craned forward to look down the hallway, bunching up his thick chest and belly. “Huh, Trin’s not back yet. I guess he needed to take a Type Two.” He stuck his tongue out. He didn’t care if the dragons didn’t laugh; that was funny! “Let’s play a quick one before he comes back, then.” Getting cozy in his recliner again, Denya reached for his controllers...and instead grabbed two pawfuls of chub. 

	Uh oh…

	Denya’s ears folded. He didn’t feel the controllers fall onto the ground. That meant they had to be still on him, or next to him, or Vaugh forbid underneath him. He started digging his chubby fingers into his pudgy sides, looking for any sign of the controllers. Damn, why did they have to be so small? They were certainly easy to lose in all that hybrid blubber. No matter where he searched, all he could find was more and more of himself. Leaning to either side was already a bit of a challenge, thanks to his massive back rolls colliding on each other. And he really, really didn’t want to stand up; this was a comfy recliner. With a slight blush on his pudgy cheeks, Denya looked up to find the others looking. “I, uh...think I lost my controllers.” 

	Arro watched in amusement as Denya felt himself up. “Now it’ll be even harder to win.” Despite the teasing, he was also reminded to hold his own controllers a little closer so that he didn’t go through the same thing.

	Rangavar made a face at Arro as he got up and went back over to Denya to help. He put a paw on his chin as he surveyed the problem. “Hmmm… Do you think you’re, uh, sitting on them?”

	“Does it look like he’s moved around?” said Arro.

	“Don’t be mean.” Rangavar could clearly see that the massive folds of Denya’s belly offered plenty of hiding places, but wasn’t sure how to tactfully say so. “Do you think, uh.” He scratched the back of his head. “Do you think it’s in all the… fur?”

	Arro slapped his forehead. 

	“I don’t think my fur’s that thick enough.” Denya glanced down at himself. He was wearing a shirt, but he was fairly sure the sides of it were riding up; they could be hidden beneath it. Sliding his shoulders out from his suspender loops, the obese draolf lifted his shirt up, revealing the quivering mass of white tum. “Does this help? I kinda hope my folds didn’t swallow them. I don’t think Trin would appreciate that very much,” he giggled, jiggling his tum again. 

	“Uh…” Rangavar wasn’t sure. The controllers could be literally anywhere in there. He slowly leaned forward to check around the sides of the chair, where Denya’s generously overflowing lard was bulging over the armrests. As he tried to push some of the rolls out of the way, his paws sank pretty deeply into the pile of blubber. No sign of the controllers.

	Thinking a moment, Rangavar next gently slid his paws under the largest roll hanging off Denya’s frontside, over his knees, his biggest point around. “Hey, um. I’m just gonna…” He pushed his paws into the fat tum, the layers of adipose folding over his paws. It was soft, but so, so heavy. He was starting to wonder if the controllers were a lost cause.

	Suddenly, his paw found something solid. “Well, there’s one of them,” he half-laughed as he pulled it out, causing Denya’s mass to ripple and jiggle with the force of dragging it out. At least it had ended up somewhere soft. It took another full minute to find the other, lost in a deep crevice elsewhere. It was made harder by the way the fat sloshed away from every firm probe. Finally, though Denya had both controllers back in paw.

	“Thanks, Rangavar!” Denya beamed as he quickly wrapped the skinny dragon in a hug, both of his pudgy arms thicker than the gray drake’s waist. He was feeling rather affectionate all of a sudden, and it felt good to squeeze Rangavar tightly against himself. He liked Rangavar a lot. Rangavar was a good friend. He-

	Denya blinked. He just now noticed Trin standing off to the side staring at the shirtless draolf hugging the smaller dragon. The hybrid chuckled. “This is what happens when you take, like, ten years to use the bathroom, dude!” 

	“I mean…” Trin blinked. He wasn’t going to argue with Denya; it looked like the edible had finally hit him hard, if he had decided to go shirtless and cuddle one of his boyfriends like that. “Just make sure nothing gets lost in there,” he laughed, gesturing at the hybrid’s shirtless boulder belly, before letting out a loud yawn. Man, he was getting awfully lethargic. 

	The roo flopped back into his spot on the couch a little harder than he meant to, another quick yawn escaping his muzzle. “Did the, uh, food come in yet?” 

	Arro shook his head, his chins quivering. “Not yet. Wanna play another round while we wait?”

	The doorbell rang. 

	“I’ll get it,” Rangavar offered, pushing himself up off of the doughy draolf. It took him a moment to free himself, his arms sinking deeply into the fat every time he tried to apply pressure anywhere, but he still figured it would be less trouble to go himself than wait for one of his much larger companions to try bringing it back, and Trin was looking a bit tired. And it would also be a chance to escape the room before the roo delved back into the topic of sportsball or something.

	The pile of food was huge. He was regretting not bringing someone else with him to help a bit, but it was too late, and he was finally able to balance everything well enough to get back into the living room. “Holy shit. When are the other forty people coming?”

	Arro rolled his eyes. “Hey, you’ll be grateful for the extra when you’re high. You’ll see what I mean.”

	Rangavar wasn’t sure he was high yet. He could see Trin getting tired. Was he supposed to start feeling tired? Maybe he felt a little tired. “Whatever.”

	Arro was starting to feel a bit high by his third burrito, and looked over at Rangavar curiously to see if there was any indication the smaller dragon felt the same. He was eating at a fairly normal rate. He then turned his gaze over to Denya, who was downing food in massive quantities, but… that didn’t make it any easier to tell.

	When he finally turned his gaze to Trin, the roo was passed out in his nachos. Arro snorted.

	Denya snickered through his mouthful of quesadilla. “Seriously? It’s only been, like, fifty minutes...fifty. Fiiiiiiifty.” He had the slight suspicion that he was currently high. Interesting. “This is different than being drunk.” That was Denya’s thought on the matter as he stuffed half a quesadilla into his mouth, moaning in delight. Man, this stuff tasted amazing! Like, way better than it had any right to! The hybrid let out a happy rumble as he licked his lips of any sauce, leaning back into his chair. He was feeling a bit heavier than usual. “I’m...I’m having fun. Food and friends, and boyfriends. That’s all I need in life.” 

	He glanced at the other dragons, a dopey smile spreading along his chubby face. “Are you guys having fun, too?” It was actually hard to tell if either of them were high. Rangavar picked at his food while Arro shoveled food into his pudgy muzzle, like usual. Vaugh, Arro was so wide. If the couch wasn’t exerting an immense gravitational effect on him, he’d run right over and lean against that glorious tum, let himself get swallowed up by those thick scaly folds. 

	“I’m definitely having fun,” Arro rumbled, barely pausing between bites of his food. Everything was beginning to feel intensified, and he was feeling relaxed enough to enjoy it. Well, any time he felt relaxed was nice, but this time he had food, and Denya, and Rangavar, too.

	Rangavar had been very, very focused on his food. He glanced up at Denya and stared. “The food is really, really good.” He realized that he probably was a little high. He felt his focus shifting as he tried to watch both his friends. He frowned in the direction of the roo. He didn’t look like he was having fun.

	“What should we do about Trin?” Arro finally asked. He felt bad just sort of leaving him face-down in cheese and salsa. Usually when Arro spent a night like that, it was on purpose, and it was because most of it was disappearing into his mouth. 

	“We could draw dicks all over him,” Rangavar suggested.

	“We’re not doing that.”

	“We’re not?” Denya frowned. That sounded like a fantastic idea. 

	Tilting his chubby head to the side, he regarded the unconscious roo. Trin was certainly out cold if he could sleep with his face plastered in food. He might be out for the rest of the day, even. “I, uh, guess we should try taking him to his room or something. That position doesn’t look too comfortable,” Denya giggled. It was easy to giggle. 

	With a grunt, the hybrid slowly hauled himself up, careful to make sure his surging belly didn’t knock over anything. He waddled over to the eight foot roo, looking down at Arro and Rangavar. “Um...How are we gonna do this? Should you take the shoulders cuz you’re bigger?” Denya meant to say stronger. “I meant to say stronger.” There we go. 

	Arro grunted as he tried to push himself up, using his wings for leverage against the back of the chair. The momentum of his gut rolling forward off his lap helped pull him to his feet. “Uh. Sure.” Now that he was standing, he felt even more high, somehow. He wondered if he should say that out loud. It would sound like a funny pun. Because of his height. Hah. He giggled to himself.

	“What should I do?” asked Rangavar.

	Arro put a paw on Rangavar’s head. “You’re emotional support.”

	Rangavar put up his paws to wave Arro’s away and scowled. 

	The larger dragon pretended not to notice as he shuffled over to Trin and tried to wrap a pudgy paw around the underside of the roo’s muscular arm. “Alright. I guess I’ll just, uh, pull him back for a sec, so you can grab his feet?” He wasn’t sure how far Denya could bend over, so it made sense to get Trin into a more convenient position first. “Rangavar, can you prop up his feet? So Denya can reach?”

	Rangavar hurried over to grab his feet. He was still pretty sure that he should be on dick-drawing duty, but at least doing this was better than ‘emotional support’. He pushed the feet into a more maneuverable position for Denya to grab.

	“Thankies,” Denya beamed as he waddled over to grab the roo’s ankles, lifting them up slightly. It was still a bit of a challenge to reach around his massive belly. Fortunately, that tum of his could help by being a shelf to help keep Trin’s legs upright. Having a big belly was fun. It was so soft and squishy, instead of firm like Trin’s abbs. Or someone who was pregnant. 

	Oh, they were talking to him. 

	“Yeah, I’m ready, sorry.” It was easy to zone out, oops. He wrapped his doughy arms around Trin’s ankles. “Alrighty, on one...two..” 

	They lifted him up. Immediately Denya grunted; being shorter than Arro meant the roo was leaning slightly towards him. It didn’t help that the draolf didn’t possess any extraordinary strength like Arro did, or that he was already carrying several hundred pounds in the form of draolf blubber. “U-urf. Trin, you’re fuckin’ heavy! You need to shed a few, tubby,” Denya snickered. 

	Trin snorted in response, and Denya’s heart stopped at the fear the roo was about to wake up. However, after swallowing the saliva in his mouth, Trin went back to snoring softly. Was this what they meant by stoned cold? 

	Arro tried to haul Trin up higher against his own flabby chest to help take more of the weight off of Denya, but wasn’t sure it helped very much. He started to shuffle backwards like he was moving a dresser. To some extent, it sort of felt like it, but only because the dead weight of the long body was awkward between the two lardy drakes.

	Rangavar wanted to help, but wasn’t really sure how. He definitely couldn’t squeeze anywhere between the two to help lift the roo. He couldn’t think of many other ideas. He was still salty about not being on dick-drawing duty, but the moment had passed anyway. “I’ll run ahead and open the door,” he offered, although as he looked around, he wasn’t even sure how to get by the two as they passed through the first doorway. He had to stand and wait for a moment as the other two moved Trin painfully slowly towards his bedroom, then dart around the wide tub of blubber that took up the entirety of the next room.

	Unfortunately, the doorway leading into Trin’s room wasn’t like the openly connected rooms of the rest of his house, in the sense that it was an actual doorway. It made the process of shifting the roo into his room a lot more tedious for the plus-sized friends, who both had to take turns getting their hips and bellies wedged into the doorway. Denya, of course, didn’t mind at all seeing the fat dragon’s blubbery sides warp around the edges of the doorway. Reason #2 why having a huge belly was great; no one could tell how excited he was at any given moment. 

	Thankfully, Denya wasn’t stuck for quite as long, given he had a bit more squish to his bulk than Arro did, and the two managed to set the snoring roo on his bed. The entire room was filled with trophies and posters, even an autographed jersey adorning the wall. Trin was such a meathead. The hybrid huffed as he rubbed his sore arms, trying to massage his muscles buried beneath the blubber. “Phew, that was a workout…” He grinned. “I call dibs on his food.” 

	“Yeah, you take the nachos with hair in them, and I’ll take the rest,” Arro grinned. 

	“Do I get some of his food?” Rangavar thought that sounded pretty fair. He’d finished his own pretty fast.

	“Weren’t you worried about the ‘forty other people’ coming to join us?” Arro teased.

	“Oh fuck off.”

	As they stepped away from the drooling roo with bits of cheese drying into his facial fur, Arro tried to pull ahead of the group. They couldn’t take all the food if he got to it first. He started to squeeze back through the doorway, wriggling his hips a little, but it was easier to get through when he wasn’t helping to carry Trin.

	Rangavar quickly went through next, having no struggle of his own. He suspected Arro’s plan, and hurried around the larger dragon to get back to the living room.

	“Rangavar!”

	The smaller dragon pretended not to hear. He quickly snatched an unopened bag out of Trin’s pile and plopped himself back on the couch. He was already stuffing another taco into his mouth by the time Arro arrived, the fat dragon huffing a bit with the effort. 

	Arro crossed his pudgy arms across his chest as best he could. “Alright, FINE, but only because I know you can’t eat more than that.”

	“What are you, the food police?” Rangavar scoffed.

	Arro scowled. “Alright, I’m taking that bag.”

	“So you ARE the food police.”

	Arro reached down to snatch the bag off the couch. Well, he tried to. As he leaned over towards it, his gut pressed firmly against the edge of the couch, keeping him from leaning close enough. He tried pressing the folds of his belly out of the way with one paw while twisting to the side a bit, but was startled to see it was still out of reach.

	Rangavar tried to draw his feet up onto the cushion so that they weren’t painfully crushed into the side of the couch by Arro shoving his bulk against it, and held out a wing in front of the bag. “You have your own food!”

	“Hey, we did all the hard work of moving Trin,” Arro pointed out. “And I’m hungrier now after all that exercise.”

	Rangavar pulled his legs back farther the harder Arro leaned. “I have doubts.”

	Arro scowled and tried to push Rangavar’s wing out of the way, but he finally reached his maximum tipping point and accidentally fell forward, flopping over the smaller dragon. “Oof!”

	Rangavar yelped and prepared to say his final words as the mountain of blubber crashed over him. He put up his paws to protect his face and save himself some air under the blanket of fat. His paws sank so deeply into Arro’s doughy chest that he wondered if there was anything beneath it at all. “Arro!”

	The fat dragon grabbed the takeout bag and smirked.

	“Get! Off! I’m dying!”

	“You sound fine,” Arro huffed as he tried to heave himself back to his feet. He quickly realized that was easier said than done as the weight of his gut kept him pinned firmly to the couch. Fortunately, Rangavar was also pushing from underneath, and Arro slowly wobbled back to his feet, all of the fat sagging off his frontside again at a more vertical angle. “See?”

	Rangavar didn’t seem to agree. He crossed his arms. “Give me the food back and I’ll forgive you.”

	“No.” Arro turned away, although he gave the smaller dragon another smirk first before making his way back to his seat. “I don’t want forgiveness. I want Taco Bell.”

	“Arro!”

	“Arro!” Denya echoed Rangavar, the portly draolf huffing as he waddled back into the room. How nice of them to leave him stranded against the doorway while they got first dibs on the food. “Th-that’s not fair! I’m the fattest one here, so clearly I should be the one who gets more food.” To emphasize his point, the lardy hybrid hefted up as much of his hanging gut into his arms as he could, bunching up the supple blubber before letting it spill back out. 

	It was also at this point that he realized he was still shirtless. Oh well. 

	Instead of going back to his original seat where his blanket of a shirt still lay, the hefty hybrid shuffled over to the large two-seater couch where Rangavar was sitting. “It’s also why I should sit in the bigger chair. The other one is a lil too small.” Denya missed the flash of terror on Rangavar’s face as he sat his massive rear-end down at the available spot. It was a two seater, so there was room for the two of them. Barely. 

	“Ach!” Rangavar was immediately crammed into the arm of the couch, Denya’s flab still managing to overflow his own smaller, scaly gray body somewhat. Personal space meant nothing anymore. At least he was soft. 

	Arro snorted at them as he dropped heavily back into his recliner with the bag of food he’d won. He immediately dug in, although the taco was missing that Rangavar had already eaten. “I think the hungriest should get more food,” Arro countered as he began to tear through it more ravenously. He knew part of it was the high, but he was genuinely enjoying the meal, and his stomach was used to stretching so he was pretty sure he wouldn’t be feeling quite full regardless. Well, maybe, but it didn’t matter because right now, all that existed was this room and the food in front of him.

	“I’m the hungriest,” Rangavar protested.

	Arro paused, chewing and swallowing. “Finders Keepers.”

	Rangavar scowled. “Technically, I had it first.”

	“Techncally, Trin had it first, and he’s missing out.”

	“Exactly!” Denya chimed in. “And Trin’s my friend, so he’d want me to have it!” This wasn’t fair! Those nachos looked really good, despite the indent Trin’s muzzle left in them. Damn, why didn’t he think to order nachos? He totally could have eaten everything here if he wanted to. 

	Suddenly, the hybrid perked up. “Oh, I know, we’ll do an eating contest! The winner is the hungriest, and they can get the nachos, yeah?” He was a genius! Weed must make people really smart; he wondered why you wouldn’t be allowed to come to work high if it made him think this well. He smirked and crossed his arms across his chest, flattening his flabby belly even further against Rangavar. “We might need to order more food, though. I could probably finish all this off on my own.” 

	“You probably could,” Arro agreed. He couldn’t possibly argue there. Then he grinned. “So could I.”

	Rangavar glowered at them from his crunched spot on the couch, his side pressed firmly into the armrest while Denya’s flab washed over the other. “If we order more, I’m getting more too.”

	Arro snorted. “You know, it’s actually sort of refreshing to see you eat more than like, a lettuce leaf, or whatever.”

	Rangavar made a face. 

	Arro whipped out his phone. “Alright.” It wasn’t until he confirmed the order that he realized he’d fucked up and gotten more of everything except the nachos.

	“Vaugh dammit.”

	“What?”

	“Nothing.” When everyone realized more nachos weren’t on the way, the stakes would be higher than ever. 

	Denya licked his lips as he feasted his eyes on the remaining food. “Alright, guys. May the biggest glutton win.” 

	And soon, they were back to eating. Denya realized through a mouthful of Doros taco that this wasn’t any different to what they were doing before Trin passed out; sitting and eating while being as high as kites. The competition aspect certainly didn’t distract him from the wonderful flavors he was assaulting his tongue with. Holy shit, he hoped the guy who invented Baja Blast got a promotion after doing so. 

	The hybrid practically moaned as he stuffed three cinnabon delights into his mouth at once, his pudgy cheeks bulging out as he munched away. “Mmmf, these lil cinnamon thingies are so freakin’ good, holy crap. Like, imagine if they made these, but way bigger. Like, donut sized!”

	“Like a cinnamon bun?” Arro barely paused before stuffing another bite of quesadilla into his maw. 

	Rangavar was still stuffing food into his own maw, but was finally slowing down. His tum felt bloated and swollen; his wasn’t at all used to stretching like those of the two other drakes in the room. He leaned back and sighed after downing the rest of his drink. He needed a break. He’d have to give up on the dream of getting nachos for now.

	Determined, Arro pressed on, tearing through bag after bag. Even the extra food they’d ordered was quickly disappearing. He was still immensely enjoying it, but was also feeling his competitive nature rise to the surface as he watched Denya do the same.

	By the time the second round of food came, they barely remembered ordering it. Rangavar got sent to go grab it again, still the most likely to be able to hop up from his seat. He had to fight Denya’s blubber for a moment as it got in the way, his elbow disappearing into the folds of flesh briefly, but he was eventually able to rise to his feet. 

	When he came back, he felt ready to set down the food, drop back onto the couch, and slip into a food coma. He tried rubbing his bloated belly with both paws, feeling more than content. “I think I’m officially out of the competition, guys.” He frowned at his spot on the couch, which had now overflowed with furry lard in his absence. There wasn’t space to sit anymore. He stared at it as his brain tried to process the situation. 

	Denya was so food-focused, he didn’t realize Rangavar was practically standing right in front of him until after the draolf had a quesadilla in both paws. “You did really good though, dude! Especially for someone who could still see their feet!” The hybrid placed a quesadilla in his maw to free up space in his paw to grab at his overflowing blubber, trying to pull as much of it out of the way as he could for Rangavar to squeeze back in. 

	He waited until the slim dragon had wiggled his way back onto the couch before letting go, his chub fwumping back to its usual spot. Normally, Denya would have just went back to eating, but seeing the dragon with a middle that was bowing outwards instead of inwards was actually somewhat fascinating to him. He reached that free paw out again, gently kneading and rubbing along that bloated belly just as Rangavar had done with him before, albeit on a much different scale. He couldn’t help but chuckle as he did so. “Just keep eating like that, and you’ll be as big and strong as us.” 

	“Yeah.” Rangavar couldn’t form a coherent reply as he dropped tiredly back into his spot. He still ended up leaning on a bit of flab, but it was warm and cozy. The soft fur felt good against his side. He found himself sinking into it, and tried to sit up straighter. “Sorry.” He rubbed his eyes. “Heh. I’m starting to feel like Trin.”

	Arro looked over at him. “Yeah. You just have to do more than one second of exercise a day, and get about two feet taller.”

	Rangavar curled into Denya’s side. “Arro’s being mean to me.”

	“Don’t be mean to him,” Denya responded without even looking at Arro, the hybrid still rubbing the dragon’s slightly distended middle. “You can take a nap if you’d like,” the hybrid grinned. “I’ll wake you up in time to see the look on Arro’s face when I eat those nachos.” He made sure to eat carefully, so as to not disturb the resting drake with his jiggling blubber.

	Of course, he also made sure to eat quickly as well, not wanting to fall behind the larger dragon in their eating contest. Even with his head all foggy from the edible, the hybrid could certainly tell he was approaching his limit; his stomach gurgling and creaking as it stretched to contain a practical feast of off-brand Mexican food. Eating was starting to feel like a chore; was it really worth stuffing himself like this just for even more food, when he could just as easily take a quick nap with Rangavar instead? 

	Oh, it was absolutely worth it! 

	Denya made to grab at another quesadilla, only to instead find a pawful of wrappers. Shuffling around, he was surprised to discover a lack of food beneath the mountain of greasy bags before them; he and Arro really had eaten every last bite! The realization hit Denya, and his stomach, like a ton of bricks, the bloated hybrid groaning as he slumped further back into the couch, his paws weakly tracing along as much of his bloated belly as he could reach. “S-shit, that was a lot,” he grumbled, hiccuping. There wasn’t a scrap of food left. 

	Save for the nachos, of course. 

	“Well…” Denya let out a muffled burp, before slowly reaching for the nachos. “I guess I’ll be taking these, now. Better luck next time, Arro.”

	“Hey, wait a second!” Arro held up a paw. “I ate all that food. I get the nachos.”

	“You both ate all the food,” Rangavar interjected.

	Arro crossed his arms. “But I ate the most, and that’s the point.”

	“Have you considered…” Rangavar stretched his arms behind his head, still feeling on the verge of dropping into a food coma. Or maybe it was the weed. “Have you considered… splitting, the nachos?”

	Arro rolled his eyes. “It’s a competition, Rangavar. We need to take it very seriously.”

	“We do?” Rangavar put up his paws and ducked as Arro threw an empty wrapper at him. “Ack! Alright, alright, fine. Who actually ate more?”

	“Me,” Arro snorted. “Obviously.”

	“Nu uh!” Denya grunted as he lazily tossed that same wrapper back, the effort jiggling his hefty arms. “I did! Can’t you tell? All this is...uh…”

	He frowned. Crap, it really was hard to tell who ate what. They both had lazily tossed their trash back onto the coffee table when they were done, where it all combined into that massive mound of plastic and paper. How were they going to do this…

	The hybrid’s gut rumbled softly in discomfort. Suddenly, Denya perked up. “I know! Whoever has the biggest belly ate the most! That seems fair, right?” He beamed at the other dragons. “So, uh...anyone have a tape measurer?” 

	Rangavar had doubts. He wasn’t sure they’d started out the same size…

	“Well this is Trin’s house,” Arro pointed out. “We could ransack it for a tape measure.”

	“I thought you were supposed to be the voice of reason.” Rangavar wrinkled his snout. “Don’t force your job onto me.”

	Arro smirked. “Don’t make me throw more wrappers.”

	Rangavar ducked and buried his face in Denya’s furry fat. “Nooo, don’t…”

	Finally, after some deep, weed-addled thought, Arro wriggled his way up out of the chair, all of his flab shaking and hanging. “I know. We can stand next to each other, and Rangavar will see which of us is bigger.”

	The smaller dragon lifted his head. “Huh?”

	Arro nodded instead of answering. He could see absolutely no flaws in the idea. It was foolproof.

	“That’s a great idea!” Denya beamed. He couldn’t get over just how smart Arro was sometimes. 

	The draolf waited until Rangavar slid off him before hauling himself out of his sofa, grunting. Vaugh, he felt heavy. Must be the edible making him all sluggish and tired. And maybe the ten pounds of food. 

	Panting softly through his nose, Denya bellied up to Arro until the edge of their stomachs rubbed against each other. Already, the hybrid felt a bit worried he’d lose this contest; Arro’s two foot advantage was certainly a factor to consider. Not only that, but he had never seen the dragon’s belly look so massive before, that ∞XL shirt of his actually riding up along that...along that…

	“Hey, take your shirt off!” Denya cried, poking Arro’s billowing belly. “It’s not fair until we’re both shirtless!” 

	“Fine. Alright,” Arro huffed. He quickly began worming his way out. Normally he asked Rangavar for help, but he was too excited at the thought of eating those nachos. Arro was used to being the fattest guy in the room, and it was finally ‘good’ for something. He tossed the shirt at Rangavar. “Hold that please.”

	Rangavar ducked as the massive ball of fabric smacked into his chest. “You could have thrown it on the couch or literally anywhere else.”

	Arro shrugged. “Nah.” He looked over at Denya, who wasn’t complaining about stuff, unlike Rangavar. “Ready to compare?” 

	Rangavar dropped the oversized shirt onto the couch. “I’m ready to get this over with.”

	Arro frowned at the sight of Denya’s fluffy body. “Hey wait a second, having fur makes you look bigger than you are! That’s cheating.”

	“I can’t help it! Besides, you have scales covering your skin. Is that cheating, too?” Denya scoffed. The nerve! Without facing away from Arro, the draolf called out to Rangavar. “You can press down on my fur when you measure me, if it makes the teeny tiny hatchling happy. It won’t change the fact that I’m waaaaay bigger than he is.” 

	Denya inhaled slowly through his nose, puffing out his belly as large as it could go. 

	“Hey, inhaling a lot is cheating too,” Arro scowled, crossing his arms as best he could over his vast midsection. Even though he planned on doing the same.

	Rangavar furrowed his brows.“What are you suggesting we penalize him for?” ‘Excessive breathing’?”

	“What if we just…” Arro tilted his head. “We could shave the fur off to make it more fair.”

	“What?!” Denya cried out, wide-eyed and horrified.

	Rangavar scowled. “We’re not doing that.”

	“We don’t have to shave ALL of it, just a little band around the waist to help you see more clearly.”

	“Arro!”

	The fat dragon sighed. “Alright, alright.” There was NO way he was losing this competition, though. The nachos were his. 

	When Arro and Denya stood back, side-by-side, Rangavar put a paw on his chin with an exaggerated hmmmm. It was true that Denya’s fluffiness made it hard to guess at his exact size. It was pretty close. “Can you both turn to the side a bit so I can see who’s more bloated?”

	Arro quickly obliged, feeling a bit like he was getting a mugshot for jail. He stared down the back of Denya’s blond head. He supposed this was actually the worst idea ever, because they weren’t even the same height, further skewing their results. Why did he suggest this?

	Denya was lost in his own mind, thinking about the nachos and nothing else. He had to win this, right? If they were judging for belly sizes compared to the rest of their bodies, Denya would win for sure, but if Rangavar was looking for overall belly size, he wasn’t so sure. Obviously he couldn’t try puffing out his stomach again, not with Arro and his stupid Type 3 gene listening in on him, yet he was certain he heard the fat dragon behind him doing the same. 

	It really did feel like a mugshot, the way Rangavar stared intently at the two of them. It was a strange feeling of anxiety, just for a plate of nachos. But he had to win it; they hadn’t had any nachos during their earlier binge! Besides, Arro doesn’t need any more calories, right? Denya would be doing him a service! 

	He was so concentrated on those nachos, he didn’t even flinch when Arro’s belly brushed against his sensitive wings. 

	Rangavar looked from one to the other, and then back. Several times. Denya was shorter and larger around, but he’d started out that way, and he was also extra fluffy. It was true that it wasn’t very fair. On the other paw, Arro’s huge frame made him practically dwarf the short hybrid, so it was hard to tell how much actual fat there was in comparison to his natural bulk.

	“Well?” Arro asked impatiently. Trin’s hairy nachos were getting cold.

	Rangavar wouldn't meet his eyes. “Uh… Maybe turn the other way?” He was running out of ideas for how to proceed. Not that he was thinking very well in general.

	They did as they were told. Denya tried not to smirk at the idea of being able to stare up at Arro for a moment. He was still focused on the nachos, of course, and his confidence that he had the largest belly. The largest booty, however…

	But as they turned, they could briefly see the nachos weren’t where they’d left them. Rather, they were in none other than Trin’s paws, the roo casually snacking on them while watching the show unfolding from the comfort of his recliner. 

	“Hey!” Denya cried out in indignation. 

	“Hey,” Trin responded with a casual wave, before plopping the last nacho into his muzzle. 

	The roo’s face quickly changed to that of terror as well once the flabby mass of fur and fat charged headlong at him, the muscular marsupial holding up his arms and feet to prevent himself from being flooded in fluff once again. “A-ack! What the hell?!” 

	“That was ours!” the hybrid huffed, flailing his thick arms in a desperate attempt to grab at the empty nacho tray. Alas, he simply couldn’t reach past his own belly and Trin’s pushing. 

	The roo grunted, his Type 1 mutation almost not enough to hold back all that Denya. “They were mine, bro! I just hadn’t finished them yet!” 

	“Yeah, but Arro and I wanted them, cuz you fell asleep and left them,” the pudgy draolf pouted, huffing from the effort needed to maintain his onslaught. “We had this biiiig eating contest, to figure out who gets them and everything!” 

	“S-seriously?” Trin grunted, before finally summoning up all of his strength to shove Denya back. He barely managed to make the flabby draolf stumble back a half step. “Why didn’t you just order more, then?” 

	“I…” Denya blinked, that push seemingly halting his train of thought as well. He looked down at his prominent belly, confused. “Cuz...it was a contest...and we really wanted your nachos.” 

	“Because my fur’s all over them?” 

	The hybrid’s ears folded. Sheepishly, he turned to Arro. “You, uh...wanna call it a draw?” 

	Arro sighed. He supposed they had to. Unless Trin wanted to join the eating contest, which seemed unlikely. There wasn’t any food left. Yes. That was definitely the reason. “I guess.”

	Rangavar tried to be as quiet as possible as he sighed with relief. 

	Arro grumbled to himself as he returned to his recliner, his bulk flattening the cushions again as he settled back in. His overflowing adipose seemed to be bulging even more than before as the food underneath now packed his belly taut, and it bloated before him over his thighs. He put his paws on it to gently massage the mass, his paws burying themselves in the expanse of pudge. 

	Rangavar retur...

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/40757320/