I warned that idiot that breaking into the chocolate factory was stupid, that it would bring about more harm than good. It was a factory, for goodness sake, one of the biggest ones in the area too! There was no way we could just waltz in, stuff our pockets full of free chocolate, and make a speedy escape. Especially considering neither of us were speedy to begin with. But Denya just laughed and shrugged me off, repeating again and again how delicious the fresh chocolate would taste, how much of it would be there, how no one would notice a few pieces missing. He went on and on, and somehow, halfway through that mindless ramble, I found myself drawn into his ideas. Without realizing it, I had became a part of his plan.

I warned that idiot again that night, even as we were stalking along the outskirts, that this was a foolish idea. Yet somehow, that dimwitted draolf somehow had the foresight to bring along wire clippers, and with a surprising amount of ease for someone as soft as he was, he managed to cut open a hole big enough for even himself! To say I was a little paranoid would be an understatement, I couldn't keep myself from shivering as we ran, er waddled, through the grounds, craning my head at any sudden noise. I couldn't keep my heart from racing, yet Denya never dropped that dopey grin of his, his bright green eyes lighting up in the night. Honestly, I was almost impressed with how determined he was with this little heist of ours; I just wish his footsteps were just a little lighter!

I warned that idiot that window was too small, that there was no way any of us, least of all him, were gonna be able to fit right in, yet that doughy draolf insisted I help him climb up into it. I sighed. In for a penny, in for a pound. I bent over and let him climb onto me, and almost screamed at the shear weight that poured onto my back! He was even heavier than he looked, and he looked pretty damn heavy too! I swore I felt my spine rearranging as he slowly hauled his fat ass into the window, before promptly getting wedged. Not even by his belly either, I must add, he was stuck by his chest! And yet, I saw him frantically whining and kicking his stubby legs around, trying so desperately to wiggle his way further, I couldn't help but to give his blush rump a good hard squeeze, somehow squishing him further and further into the tiny window. How lucky for him that blubber was so malleable. By the time we reached the halfway point, as in he was now stuck by the widest berth of his belly, his kicking finally stopped. For a moment, I was worried he had been caught and it was all over, my heart nearly stopping in my chest, before it pounded furiously as I heard smacking in the other room. He was eating! 

I warned that idiot that he was fat enough as it was, and the last thing he should be doing was stuffing himself with what I can safely assume was more chocolate, but naturally he didn't listen to me. He didn't hear any of my complaining earlier, after all, so why would he now when his treasure was literally in arms reach? It was only later that I learned that his head was actually conveniently situated right in front of a chute where chocolate was literally unloaded onto the final conveyor belt to be placed in those fancy containers. That would explain how quickly he started to plump out. 

I warned that idiot that he needed to stop now, that the opening was only going to grow tighter the longer he laid there, but he didn't listen. Instead, I was treated to the sight of watching that fat draolf grow even fatter, his lower belly inflating before my very eyes. I could only imagine the sheer quantity of sweets and candies being funneled into his maw in the other room; god, his maw and chins must be so dirty! That hanging half-belly swelled out and down, out and down, slowly approaching the ground. Soon, it'd actually rest on the floor, which would make him wider than he was tall! I shoved and squeezed at that bloated stomach and doughy rear, trying desperately to pull or push him out, or at the very least get his attention, but it was all in vain. Denya was too determined for his own good. 

I warned that idiot that the guards were coming and we had to leave yesterday, but, of course, he didn't say or do anything. Maybe his fat had completely fulled up any space in that tight window, so much so that he couldn't hear a thing I said? I didn't hear him eating anymore, after all, but then again I knew he was still binging considering he was still growing before my eyes! His gut had long rested on the floor and was spreading outwards, larger than an entire ottoman. And that was only half of his belly! I could only imagine the workers stumbling onto the scene of the blond hybrid stuffing himself to rediculous ends, despite being more than wedged in such a narrow space. In any case, I fled the scene. There was no way Denya could even touch the ground, even if he did escape from his confinement. I didn't make it far before having to dart beside one of the machines, willing myself to blend in the shadows. I couldn't see anything, but I did hear them gasp in shock at the ballooning creature wedged in the window. I used that opportunity to make a break for it, hoping for the best for that idiot. Hopefully they let him finish off that batch of chocolates before trying to get him out of there; he worked hard for it after all.



This was Shoutmilo's amazing half of our trade from a while back. I wanted to post it with a good story, but I couldn't think of anything until recently oops. 

I'm glad I can share it now at least <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/31482241/