Oh crap, I'm writing fan fiction now! Run for your lives!!! .. but seriously, this was a ton of fun to work on o3o

This is a silly idea I came up with about our Pirate Cove friend going through a few interesting changes. For every subsequent chapter in this series, Foxy will get fatter and jigglier (there are ways to make animatronics jiggle, don't worry). How many chapters I write, however, will be up to you. If I get enough favorites and comments on this part, I'll continue to chapter 1 where the fattening happens, and if that gets enough positive feed back I'll go to chapter 2... than 3... etc. 

Hope you enjoy!



	"…And tha's why us seadogs like t' wear eye patches! Any other questions, mateys?" Foxy cheerfully asked, his neck joints creaking as he slowly turned his head to survey the audience. Much to his relief, the audience grinned and shook their heads, content with the pirate's answer. Despite the children's obvious satisfaction, however, Foxy couldn't help but continue to try and prod for a response. "C'mon, lads, surely there be somethin' ye'd be yearnin' to ask?" The furry robot's ears lowered slightly as none of the kids spoke up, his head whirring loudly as his computer brain quickly tried processing what to do next.

	Thursdays were always slow days at Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria, possibly due to the lack of events as well as being the day before Friday, the most popular day. While the pizzeria wasn't exactly swarming with kids on Thursdays, there were still plenty of children to keep the animatronics busy. On the other side of the building, Foxy could hear his robotic comrades begin to play their usual songs. While the band was content to replay their songs again and again, Foxy liked to change things up a bit. His shows included sharing multiple stories of his life as a seadog, as well as interacting with the audience as they fought off giant squids and other evil monsters on their quest for treasure. Even if his metal joints clicked with every movement he took, or if his mouth didn't align properly to what he was saying (whenever a kid would bring that up, Foxy would just say a fox's muzzle moves different than a human's), the mechanical vulpine's popularity always spouted from his diverse stories and complex movements. Many parents often felt the need to hold their children closer when they saw Foxy bolt around the pizzeria, trying to interact with as many kids as possible, but deep down they knew the animatronic was programmed to not even hurt a fly. If only he wasn't so creepy-looking…

	Even if nobody else knew, Foxy prided himself deeply on his diversity. While Freddy and the band played the same songs every day, the robotic fox could tell a broad range of stories, keeping audiences old and new entertained all day. It was something that made him unique compared to the others, he thought. Not only that, but it also tended to bring in older audiences to his performances as well… which was now becoming a problem. While younger children loved interacting with Foxy and his stories, the older ones were more content to sit back and watch him do all the work, leaving the poor animatronic with very little to work with. 

	Desperately scanning the crowd for anything to go off of, Foxy's eyes finally settled on a heavy-set child with two plates of pizza on his lap. "Ahoy there, you in th' red shirt!" Foxy called out, pointing to the startled boy.  "While Chica's pizzas could be considered a treasure more valuable than gold, eatin' too much may be a tad bit unhealthy," the robotic fox kindly suggested. Due to his programming, Foxy always tried to put as much attention to the audience as possible, so something like embarrassment would never even register on his range of emotions. If it did, however, he would surely pick up on how the chubby kid's face immediately turned red as he tried to cover his head with his arms while the other kids turned and giggled, spouting off quick little quips about the poor boy's weight. 

	"Haha! Foxy called you fat!"

	"Hey, I saw you eat two slices earlier! Why do you need two more, tubby?"

	"Don't eat anymore! You'll chair will break, fatty!"

	Foxy tilted his head in bewilderment, his neck joints clicking as he looked at his audience laughing at the reddening lad with confused interest. Did the boy say something funny and he didn't hear it? Are they laughing because his face can change color? Surely they weren't teasing the young child, that's a direct violation of the pizzeria's rules! Foxy was about to step off the stage to inspect the matter more personally when a young girl with long brown hair, no older than five, spoke up. "Mister Foxy? Have you ever been fat?" 

	The bright red fox stared at the little girl as he pondered the question in his head, his internal computer working up an answer, just like it does to any strange question a child may ask. Before he could reply, however, Foxy noticed the audience members stopped picking on the chubby kid to focus on what he had to say. This was the most attention he received all day! With a toothy smile, Foxy stood upright and turned towards the crowd, an idea forming in his mind. "Why, o' course, mateys! Ol' Foxy was the biggest n' fattest pirate fox to ever sail th' seven seas! I was so round, I was as tall layin' down as I was standing up!" The animatronic fox exclaimed gleefully, holding his arms out in an "O" shape in front of his middle to signify how large his belly was. To Foxy's glee, many of the audience members giggled and leaned closer to listen better. "Now then, who wants t' hear a tale about me glory days bein' th' worlds widest pirate?"



	Mike yawned loudly as he lazily shifted through the camera feed, briefly scanning a room before switching onto the next. Just like any other day, nothing exciting seemed to be happening that would require a security guard such as himself to get involved. With another annoyed yawn, Mike reached for his favorite porcelain mug and swallowed some coffee in an effort to wake himself up. "God, the dayshift is so boring. Why can't I work here at night instead? I could probably take a nap without anyone knowing," Mike snickered as he brought up his mug a second time, taking a brief glance at Pirate Cove.

	To his surprise, Mike saw tons of children flooding onto the chairs in front of Foxy's stage. What looked like the entire pizzeria's children crowded around the pirate fox! (If Mike had been paying attention, he would have noticed Freddy, Bonnie, and Chica stop playing their usual songs to look across the pizzeria towards Pirate Cove as well.) Quickly donning his security guard cap, Mike hopped out of his swivel chair to go see what the ruckus was about, afraid the older kids taught Foxy another swear word like last time. 

	Wading through the small sea of youngsters, Mike slowly made his way towards Foxy, ready to turn him off at a moment's notice in case he spews profanity. To the security guard's shock, however, the metal canid was just telling a story like he always did, although he couldn't help but notice something different about it. 

	"…And boy, were th' islanders afraid when they heard me stomach growl. It was so loud, many o' them had to plug their ears! O' course, they had no choice but t' feed Ol' Foxy before I fancied myself into eating them! Haharr, ye shoulda seen them, scramblin' onto me squishy gut just t' feed me fat face!" Foxy said as he opened his maw and grabbed at the air, eating tons and tons of imaginary food. 

	Mike almost had to cover his ears from the deafening roar of laughter resulting from the animatronic's silly manner. "Jeeze, these kids are loving this," the security guard stammered as he looked at all the happy faces in the audience, noticing several parents even came to watch as well. Ever since Foxy was introduced to the Fazbear family, many kids and adults complained about his rather intimidating design. Even with his realistically-soft fur and coordinated movements, the 7 foot tall sharp toothed canine attracted as much fear to himself as he did interest. Keeping this in mind, seeing Foxy so popular all of a sudden really made Mike's head spin. Could his stories about being fat let the kids overcome their fear of him?

	With an idea in mind, Mike quickly stepped out of the crowd of children and took out his scratch pad, scribbling a few notes to the engineers who worked at Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria about "design improvements."

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15131288/