I finally finished this gift for mah daddy  frozedfrenchdragon ... well, i guess im repaying him for all the awesome drawings of me he does <3

P.S. I might not be writing stories often anymore. I might still take trades, but until then I'm just gonna be an artwhore or watch and annoy everyone on FA :3


	Tim started huffing and puffing, his legs feeling (and jiggling) like jelly  as the 400 pound sky-blue dragon continued to slowly saunter after Denya, his bright white chest heaving in and out. Earlier he had been jogging at a nice pace, but now his stride turned into a waddle, not even moving fast enough for the wind to ruffle his snow white hair. Soon, even walking became too much for Tim as he hunched over, his belly resting against his wide lap, claws pressed against his soft knees as he gasped for breath, nowhere near as svelte as the 300 pound dragowolf jogging in front of him. 

	“Hey *pant* w-wait up Son! *wheeze*” Tim gasped out, on the verge to collapsing onto the metal floor right on the spot. Earlier today, the dark and light grey dragon-wolf hybrid promised his father Tim a “pretty freaking epic machine” and offered to show him just how “freaking epic” it was. Unfortunately, for the overweight duo, that involved a 10 minute walk to a large, isolated factory; followed by another 5 minute walk down a long, metal, rectangular corridor with sides around 7 feet wide. Denya, unfortunately, made the painful suggestion that both fat dragons should jog down the corridor. “Just to build up our appetites, ya know? There’s gonna be lots of grub where we are going!” Denya said to his overweight father before dashing down the hall, his great belly bouncing up and down with each step.

	Denya stopped jogging to look back, seeing the blue and white dragon hunched over and panting, sweat beading his forehead and belly. “Hey, come on, blubber bucket! It’s right behind this corner I promise!” Tim looked up and growled, still breathing heavily. “You said that about the last corner too! And the corner before that! Do you really think I should be running around this much?” Tim quickly stated, grabbing a pawful of his belly pudge and jiggling it vigorously to show emphasis on just how heavy he really was. Chuckling, the dragowolf smiled and walked back over to Tim and offered a paw. “Oh fine, if you’re gonna be that much of a baby about it, I guess I’ll have to drag you the rest of the way then.” Tim smiled and grabbed his son’s pudgy paw, wrapping a thick arm around the smaller dragowolf’s shoulders. Step by step, the fatty duo slowly laboriously made their way around the metal corridor and into a large, wide open room. The ceiling was nearly 15 feet high while the walls were around 30 feet apart. However, the size of the room was not the most noticeable feature, but what was in the very middle of it. Descending from the middle of the ceiling was a pair of hoses; each marked with the factory title “Toon Dragon’s half and half milk”. The hoses hung around 2 feet off the ground, allowing for anyone to hold it in their maw from sitting position, which was the first thing Tim had noticed.

	“Tadaah!” Denya said excitedly, wagging his large tail excitedly. “How cool is this?!? My friend gave me access to this room a while ago. What do you think?” The blue and white dragon raised an eyebrow, the corners of his lips sliding up into a slight grin. “D’awwww you shouldn’t have!” Tim grabbed his fat son and pulled him in for a tight embrace, both of their large bellies squishing against each other. Denya smiled and looked up at his wider father. “Heheh, it’s nothing, really. Wanna have a quick contest on who can drink the most cream?”


	Tim hooked the hose onto his muzzle, seeing Denya doing it as well. A perfect fit too, what are the odds? Both fat furs say across from each other with a 10 foot gap in-between them, knowing they need as much space for their growing guts as possible. Unable to talk, Tim nodded at his fat son, who proceeded to press a large red button on a remote control.  Looking up, the fat blue and white dragon heard a machine whirl to life in another room, the pipes above him starting to bulge out as the half and half milk starts moving around. It wasn’t long before Tim soon felt the substance press against his lips, trying to force its way into him. Opening his maw wide, the heavy dragon began to gulp down the cream, feeling it fill up his stomach rapidly. Looking across, he saw Denya doing the same thing, drinking almost as rapidly as he was. It wasn’t long before both furs started to expand slightly, Denya’s belly starting to rest on his thighs while Tim’s soon drooped to the floor. The expanding dragon continued to chug, small bumps visible in his throat from each swallow he takes while he drank, his stomach working furiously to digest all that cream and metabolize it into pure lard. Tim smiled and murred to himself a bit, digging his flabby arms into his soft pouch, feeling his warm, scaly belly mold around his pudgy paws. From across the room, Tim could see his lardy dragowolf son start to balloon outwards as well, although not quite at the same pace. Tim smiled as he watched his son grow a new chin, as well as two round moobs to compliment his advancing light grey belly. “That’s my boy!” Tim thought to himself…

	Over time, Tim and Denya continued to expand as more of the cream was poured into him. Denya smiled a bit and scratched the sides of his belly, sending ripple to travel all around his 800 pound frame. The obese dragowolf’s stomach now spread almost to his feet, his thick legs barely visible from under his large belly. His once nonexistent moobs now stretched bigger than bricks as they lay heavily on his belly. Denya would have been pushed onto his back by his gargantuan gut had it not been for his titanic butt cheek’s each one of them as big as chairs. Denya smiled, enjoying his own obesity as he poked and prodded his new found belly, watching it jiggle endlessly. Pressing a button, the large dragowolf shut off the hose and took his mouth away from it, ending his fattening fest. “Having fun, dad”

	Tim was now more than just fat, he was a massive pile of lard! His arms and legs lay bloated up, his limb fat blending in perfectly with his refrigerator-sized gut. Tim’s thick, plump thighs lay invisible under his gut, his arms swollen and useless like a pair of beyond overstuffed sausages. The blue and white dragon’s chin’s resting on top of his wide chest, covering up his neck completely. Just as it was described earlier, Tim IS a massive pile of lard. 
	With a loud gurgle, Tim slowly awoke from his slumber, his vision slightly blocked from the fat that has been building up on his muzzle and cheeks. Looking in front, the obese dragon saw Denya take the hose out of his mouth, barely seeing his facial features behind Denya’s large gut. Tim tried reaching for his hose… but couldn’t quite reach! His arm fat had developed too quickly; the only thing moving them accomplished was bunching up the lard stored around the sides of his chest. “Mmmmf…Hey son…Can you help me out?” Tim barely managed to make out in-between swallows, the cream still getting pumped heavily into his maw. Denya looked up at Tim, the lardy dragowolf smiling gently, heavyset dimples forming in his round cheeks. “Heheh, of course dad. Wait just one minute.” The large dragowolf grabbed the remote and pressed a button with his meaty fingers. Tim leaned his head back and waited for the hose to remove itself from his maw….only it never went away. To the fat dragon’s horror, the hose started spewing out even MORE cream. Tim’s eyes widened as he was forced to swallow more half and half, his cheeks bulging from fat and cream. From the corner of his eye, Tim could see his love handles wide enough to rest his thick arms on while his belly continued to advance forward towards his dragowolf son. 

	Each swallow brought several pounds of dragon blubber to spread out all over Tim’s body. Tim’s tail was now thicker than an oak tree trunk, yet looked short and stubby from the amount of butt and back fat slowly covering it. As he continued fattening up, Tim felt something soft squish against his dome of a belly, assuming it was his dragowolf son’s own gut. Lowering his ears, the obese dragon tried grabbing at the hose again with his fat arms, realizing the terrifying discovery that his thick, squishy arms were now too huge to even budge. Tim leaned his head back, squishing his neck fat up as he continued drinking. The lardy dragon’s gut continued expanding, reaching 10 feet in diameter…11 feet….12 feet…13…..15! 

	Looking down, Tim saw himself rising higher and higher, his monumental ass acting like a pair of giant beanbag chairs, slowly pushing the fat dragon higher. Looking down, Tim saw his white belly begin to squish against the other wall, but could not find Denya amidst the sea of fat. The obese dragon’s ears perked up as he heard a small beeping noise, followed by another fresh wave of cream. Gulping it quickly, Tim felt his belly continue to smoosh heavily against the opposite wall, as well as the two adjacent ones, the fat rising all around on all sides like yeast. Tim felt himself rise halfway to the ceiling already, his limbs (all of which wider than a normal fat fur’s gut….so like 50 inches in diameter) completely lost under his living room sized gut. The room Tim was sitting in is still, much bigger than a normal room, so fortunately the fattening dragon had more space to grow. But how much longer before even that went away?

	Tim moaned as he swelled up higher, his stomach a colossal 30 feet in diameter, his moobs swelling up considerably fast, each of them half the size of an outdoors swimming pool. Tim’s arse was now slowly filling up the bottom half of the room, his tail completely lost amidst the several meter thick ass cheeks. Suddenly, Tim felt his head brush against the ceiling, realizing he was now as big as the factory itself!! How could that cream be so incredibly fattening?!? The elephantine dragon winced in slight pain as he felt the little remaining space left in the factory soon vanish, leaving Tim with a feeling similar to that of a giant water balloon being stuck in a shrinking box.

	On the outside, the factory looked perfectly normal, not even hinting at the possibility that it was housing a 50 ton dragon. Soon, it became apparent that something was odd when the windows slowly started cracking. All at once, some of Tim’s belly flab burst through all 14 windows, making it look as if the building had several squishy tentacles growing out the sides of it. From inside, Tim let out a sigh of relief, feeling a bit of the built up pressure finally get released. However, the pressure soon returned as another couple hundred pounds were added. The factory’s grey walls soon started to crack and crumble, not able to withstand the amount of dragon contained. Without warning the factory suddenly shattered completely, allowing Tim to blimp out to his full size. The fat dragon immediately ballooned outwards, his body crushing everything within several hundred feet. 

	Tim slowly opened his eyes, not too shocked to realize his stomach had become the new horizon. Tim’s belly neared around the size of an entire neighborhood while both ass cheeks grew to the size of coliseums. The titanic dragon’s moobs lay on his heavy chest, weighing several tons each. Overall, Tim became one of the biggest furs ever, even giving some of those weird macro furs a run for their money. From deep beneath his rolls, Tim felt something slowly stir, like an ant roaming across a beached whale. Soon, a chubby face poked out from under the surface of Tim’s blubber. 

	“Did ya like the present I got you?!?” Denya asked happily as the black and grey dragowolf slowly crawled out from under Tim’s rolls. The obese dragon looked down at his spherical son who, while weighing nearly 900 pounds, wasn’t even as fat as Tim’s cheek. “Of course I liked the present, son! Definitely one of the best ones I’ve gotten in a long time!” With a happy bark, Denya finally pulled himself out of his father’s lard and lay on his back, sinking into the plushy dragon like a monumental bean bag chair. “That’s good, dad.” The rotund dragowolf said as he closed his eyes, kneading Tim’s soft blubber. “I should give you little gift's like these more often~"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9945289/