I've been wanting to start making speed writes again, and  psychicthehedgehog was a very (un)willing participant in my recent craving for inflation haha. I'm normally awful at writing inflation stories but I think this one turned out pretty well, especially considering it was a 2 hour speed write. 

It was a multistream with  blkdragon too, so to show my thanks I threw in his character Alan, just because I love mischievous little devils~

I hope you all enjoy!





“Step right up! Come one, come all! Test your lungs and win yourself an oversized teddy bear!” 

It was an unusual attraction, situated at the edge of the carnival. The tent it was pitched under looked like a series of sticks and tarps compared to the colorful and vibrant canvases it was competing with. Not even the prizes looked worth playing chance games and wasting quarters for, the “overstuffed” teddy bears hardly a foot tall and tearing at the seams with an exuberant amount of stuffing. 

As if any of that wasn’t shady enough, the host running the attraction was a literal demon. 

“C’mon, folks, you can’t get these bears anywhere else, government regulations and what not!” Alan shouted, the three-foot imp holding his claws to his muzzle as he yelled. Just one look at the shifty red-scaled draconian was enough to ward off anyone with half a mind from the ominous tent. Most people came to the carnival to eat deep-fried cookie dough or look at attractions, and while watching the pint-sized demon screaming away was amusing on its own, no one exactly trusted a ring master who didn’t even mention the rules to his own game.

Except for one unsuspecting patron. 

Alan spotted him from a mile away, a sinister smirk spreading across his muzzle. While the general public hurried past the little devil, muttering in hushed tones how sketchy the attraction was, one fellow in particular stared at the tent, or rather the fit-to-bursting prizes, with interest. That fellow was an enormous, round-bellied dragon, much like someone else Alan knew. His chubby head could easily be seen over the tops of the other carnival attendees, who all had to step out of the way of the big lug. Alan couldn’t help but rub his claws together with glee as at the lumbering dragon, particularly his exposed grey belly. “You there, big dragon guy! You look like you could huff and puff a few houses down, yeah? What’s your name?”

“Erh… Psychic?” The pudgy drake murmured, running a claw through his purple hair nervously. He was seriously starting to regret his decision of walking up to the smaller creature, seeing as how everyone stopped to stare at the drake dumb enough to actually fall for such a deceptive demon. 

“Well, Psychic, do you see yourself holding one of these cuddly teddy bears in your future?” Alan snickered, sticking his thumb towards the rows of spherical bears. “Of course you do, you’re Psychic after all! Well, I’m a little psychic myself, and I foresee you forking over a measly little quarter for an attempt at fame and fortune!”

Psychic’s goat-like ears folded back as he was called out in front of all these people. This really wasn’t a good idea he figured, but at this point it’d be rude to get the poor little guy’s hopes up only to walk out on him. Blushing softly, the drake reached a chubby paw into his pants and pulled out a single quarter, dropping it on the small wooden desk. “Alright… what do I have to do?”

“Awesome!” Alan’s yellow eyes lit up as he snatched the coin before it could bounce a second time on the desk. “You’re my first customer too, bud! I was worried  no one would come before BLK found out I borrowed his credit card to set this rig up. Right this way, sir,” the red demon jumped up and grabbed Psychic’s paws, who had to lean forward in order to reach the diminutive beast’s claws as he was lead around the counter into the tent, the pudgy drake shivering nervously. “Ooh, trembling with excitement, I see! I don’t blame yah, this is a game I used to play all the time with my pals. Alright, see that air tank?” The reptilian ringmaster pointed to the back of the tent, where a series of compressed canisters were tied together with a single nozzle dangling from the end. 

“Y-yeah?” Psychic shuddered, his round belly jiggling. He did not like the look of this…

“Of course you see it, you’re Psychic! You can see all!” Alan snickered, before continuing. “I’m gonna tie this bad boy up to your mouth, and when I say go, I want you to bloooooow as hard as possible, like you’re filling a hot air balloon or something!” The red devil smirked, walking over to tap the marker on the canisters. “If you can raise the psi in this baby from 4000 to 4500, you can walk out of here hugging your very own bear! Heck, I’ll give ya two, just for being the first person to try this thing! Great deal, right?”

“N-no…not at all,” the poor dragon looked like he was about to faint on the spot, his white face looking even whiter. This was crazy! How is this lunatic not in a straight jacket?! Psychic wanted to turn around and bolt, but upon looking over his broad shoulder, found a small crowd of furs gathered around outside to watch the fool willing to try the horrifying attraction. Which was unfortunate, for the anxiety ridden dragon, for if he had to choose between possible bodily harm and causing a scene, he would gladly take the first option without hesitation. “Erh… how long do I, uh, have?”

“What, I thought you’d have known by now, Psychic!” Alan snickered, causing Psychic to grunt. He was seriously getting annoyed with the puns to his name. “It’ll only last a minute, bud, which means you’ll really need to breathe deep if you want those teddy bears. Ready, bud?”

“Wait, hold on! I haven’t agreed to anything!” Psychic stuttered, but his pleas fell on deaf ears as Alan grabbed the nozzle and hopped onto the drake’s doughy stomach, clambering onto Psychic’s chest. The dragon’s heart nearly dropped into his stomach when he noticed the end of the hose had a belt looped through it, but before he could even say anything, the mischievous imp had managed to plop the hose into Psychic’s gaping maw and tie the belt around his mouth, clamping it shut. 

“Oof, gonna have to tie this on reaaaaaal tight, bud. You have the stubbiest muzzle I’ve ever seen on a dragon!” Alan snickered as he bounced onto the ground, running back to the canisters. “Ready?” 

“Mmmf!” Psychic’s eyes shot wide open, forming two perfect golden spheres as he stared cross eyed at the hose, fidgeting and sweating nervously. What did he do to deserve this? He briefly thought about prying the belt off his mouth and fleeing, but before he could act on that urge, Alan had spun the switch!

Almost instinctively, Psychic took a deep breath through his nose and huffed back, fighting a tug-of-war with a compressed volley of air. 

A tug of war that lasted nearly a tenth of a second. 

Fwump! Psychic felt the air hit like a bullet, striking the back of his mouth before funneling down his gullet. The dragon’s eyes watered, the unable to even slow down the gale that blasted into his stomach. Swallowing untold quantities of air, his belly swelled outwards, the pear-shaped drake’s chubby middle swiftly rounding out into a perfect sphere. His shirt rose higher and higher off his gut, until it simply ripped straight down the middle, now nothing more than a glorified scarf to a spherical drake. 

Psychic struggled to reach for the hose strapped to his muzzle, but with his middle widening at an incredible rate, it was all he could do to keep his arms from sticking out of his side in a T-pose. He was forced to constantly widen his stance further and further to accommodate his widening ball of a body, his legs growing shorter and stubbier by the second. 

Riiiiiip! The dragon’s puffy cheeks turned scarlet as his pants finally ripped out from his waist, and in front of all those people too! Shocked and horrified gasps spawned from the audience behind him, a few went so far as to pull out their camera phones and snap pictures of the expanding balloon of a drake. 

And through it all, Alan continuously bounced up and down while shouting encouragements. “You still got 50 seconds left bud, you got this! Don’t listen to them, you’re doing great!” Psychic really wanted to punch the little imp when this was all done and over with, but at the rate he was growing it’d be a miracle if he could even walk forward. His middle took up so much space, his arms and legs sinking further and further into his enormous midsection, until a particularly strong gust of wind managed to knock the ballooning drake off his stubby feet. His only saving grace was his short and puffy tail preventing him from rolling onto the crowd behind him, but it was a matter of time before he even outgrew that! 

40 seconds left, then 30. Psychic was a complete sphere, with four numbs where his hands and feet were supposed to be. The only part of his body that didn’t seem to regress into the advancing balloon of a belly was his neck, which bloated outwards to form a rather comical donut shape. His cheeks had also stretched as a result of Psychic’s futile efforts to push back against the onslaught of wind, the air-filled sacks swelling to nearly the size of his head!

“Twenty seconds left! You can turn this around, big guy!” Alan was practicly screaming to be heard over the sound of the air tank, as well as the commotion outside of the tent. Speaking of which, Psychic felt himself start to lift the end of the covering as he rose higher and higher. With one last push of his tail, the immobilized drake was stranded on his stomach, watching the ground sink beneath him while he grew larger and larger. His hands and feet had all but vanished, merely nubs that could do nothing but wiggle uselessly. 

10 seconds left. Psychic’s eyes were started to be forced shut as his puffy cheeks pressed against his face and muzzle. Higher and higher he rose, visible above the other tents and attractions. He couldn’t seen behind him, but Psychic knew that the crowd behind him had grown, but that attendance paled compared to the other carnival goers who were stuck staring at the rising orb. 

“And time!” 

At last, the airflow had finally stopped. Once he was certain there wasn’t anymore wind, Psychic allowed himself a quiet whimper as he looked down at himself. He was enormous! A 30 foot wide ball of grey and white scales, with a small purple spot indicating where his hair was. All of his features were heavily exaggerated, including the two black wave-like marks along his lower belly. He had not only managed to destroy the first carnival tent, but the two adjacent ones as well.  Hopefully that little jerk would be the one who pays for that damage. 

Speaking of the little jerk, Psychic couldn’t spot the red demon anywhere, granted his vision was mostly filled with himself. However, he could certainly feel the carnival attendees poking and probing his heavily inflated gut, some even slapping the taunt surface in order to see just how bouncy he really was! 

One of those paws somehow managed to find footholds on his drum-tight skin, clambering up the orb de drake rather swiftly. The climber soon made his way to Psychic’s face, who’s vision was filled with red (both metaphorically and literally) as he looked at none other than Alan himself! “Sorry bud, no teddy bear this time. A shame too, you were this close to winning!” The little imp snickered, holding his two claws a hairs length apart. 

Psychic growled. “I don’t care about the stupid teddy bear! Get this hose off of my mouth before I roll on you, ya pint-sized jerk!” The drake tried to say, but with his muzzle so tightly tied shut, all he could mumble were a few unintelligible, albeit very passionate mumbling. 

“Hey, I’m upset too! I really wanted you to win this one! But tell ya what! I’ll let you get another go at it if you promise not to tell a certain white-haired brown dragon where I went, alright?” 

Psychic’s eyes widened yet again. Somehow, he could hear the pressurized tank turn itself on yet again even with the little demon still standing right before him! Soon, he was growing yet again, crushing tent after tent, outgrowing not just the alleyway, but the whole carnival! As Alan jumped off laughing maniacally, Psychic let out an inward sigh and closed his eyes. Today was just one of those days, it seemed.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/28168113/