Looking back at my older stories, I learned that I used to be really good at making up titles. What the heck happened? 

*ahem* Anyways, this is a giftie I made for  dragontzin and  azurelief both of whom deserve an apology from me for being such a jerk to them before. I really hope this story helps, because I had a ton of fun writing it. I wouldn't be staying up till 4 AM to finish it if I wasn't.

Honestly, this was once a quick little story that ended up turning into 6,150 words of plot twists, character development, and lots and lots of belly. I'm not sure whether to be proud or ashamed that I have no self control on this kind of stuff, haha. This is what happens when I let my ideas run amok. I hope you all enjoy it!

Edit: I just realized it's possible to misinterpret the story as adult, because of the red border. Don't worry, it's all perfectly G rated, I was just trying to get fancy and make it look like Tzin's beautiful plumage. 

I recommend downloading this one and reading it on Word, since I tinkered around with the font for it, which won't show up when I copy paste it here: 



"Uuuugh, cmon! What's taking them so long?"

	Erik groaned in moderate boredom as he reclined back in his swivel chair, looking for anything to distract his mind. The ice-blue dragon's wish was quickly granted as his knees suddenly banged into the hardwood desk in front of him, eliciting a very drawn-out sigh of pain. Writhing in pain, the clumsy drake bent forward to rubbed his bruised knees, only to instead brush his curly grey horns against the nearby lampshade, pushing it off the desk where it slowly fell onto the linoleum floor, shattering into a million indistinguishable shards of yellow glass. Fantastic.

	Feeling a little more than annoyed, Erik slowly spun himself around in his swivel chair, not even bothering to stand up. Once his back was facing the wreckage, he used his lengthy dragon tail to sweep the shards of glass under his desk, praying that nobody would notice the lack of a lamp until the janitor comes to clean up the mess. "Great, just great," the moody blue dragon growled to himself as he tried his best to wipe up the last of the glass, having trouble looking past his broad shoulders to see what he was doing. "I've only been at this crappy hotel for half an hour and already everything is falling apart. My knees, my lamp, my will to live, all slowly crumbling into pieces just so I could wait for some fatass college students who will most likely never even come. I've just about had it working for these stupid weight-loss companies with their stupid pills and stupid desks and stupid lamps! When this is over, I oughta-

	"Um… excuse me?"

	Erik froze in place once he heard the timid voice behind him, the ice dragon looking as if he had literally frozen himself, save for the bright pink tinge spreading across his cheeks. It was bad enough he was having a nervous breakdown on his first day as a receptionist, but right in front of his very first customer? Why did life have to suck so much? Heaving another huge sigh, the dragon slowly spun himself around to face the new client. "Hello, and welcome to the Wholesome Hotel! Would you like a room, or are you by any chance here for our Big Futures, Small Waistlines study we are currently undertaking?" He spoke calmly and professionally, happy to finally put his years of speech training into good use.

	Just one glance at the being before him told Erik that this customer was here for the latter option. The client was certainly a hefty fellow, far past the point of chubby to the point of being labeled downright fat. The dragon was sporting a prodigious cream-colored paunch that bulged out nearly half a foot in front of him, his white shirt forced to ride up along its curvature. His pants were looking well ironed, seeing as how there were no creases or wrinkles in them, although it was evident this was due to his thunder thighs stretching the material to the absolute limit. Even the dragon's unique long muzzle was looking comparatively short due to the two chubby cheeks he sported. Erik was certain he could see a green spiral pattern on the drake's soft jowls, but it was mostly obscured by the heavy amount of blushing the scaled and feathered creature was currently undergoing.

	"Erm… hello there," the dragon finally spoke again after a brief moment of silence, a faint Mexican accent appearing in his words. "I'm here for the, uh, Big Futures program you're doing… is that all right?"

	Erik couldn't help but grin at the adorably shy butterball before him. It was amusing how someone so large and grand could appear so frightened and timid. Even if he wasn't so broad, the dragon certainly looked large and imposing due to the colorful array of feathers that crested his head. Perhaps it was the grandiose lobby of the Wholesome Hotel that intimidated the poor thing, who was no doubt used to much simpler sights. Maybe he was embarrassed seeing another dragon run the reception stand, only this dragon was in much better shape. In any case, Erik felt himself growing much more confident as he saw the client's failing assurance. "Why, of course it's all right, hun. I wouldn't have offered it if it wasn't. Just fill out this here's form and we can begin," he smiled, handing the shy drake a clipboard with a few sheets of paper attached to it. 

	Smiling generously, the heavy dragon grabbed the clipboard and pressed it against the counter, using the pen attached to the desk to answer the questionnaire. While he was writing away, Erik couldn't help but feel a little awkward as he sort of just sat there, unable to really do anything other than watch his client write down his info. Company policy disallowed the use of cell phones while on duty, so that distraction was out of the question. He could probably do a better job of sweeping the broken glass somewhere else other than right underneath his feet, but, knowing him, the clumsy dragon would probably just end up breaking something else. With no other options left, Erik peered over the clipboard to get a sneak peak of what the paunchy drake was writing down.

	He was shocked to see the form was filled with brilliant handwriting, not expecting beautiful penmanship to originate from those sausage-like fingers. It was almost like looking at art as he browsed the form, learning several important facts about his client, such as his name (Dragontzin), age (21), country of origin (Mexico), year in college (3rd), and major (Chemistry). The way that this Dragontzin (that's a bit of a mouthful, let's just call him Tzin) held the pen in-between his chubby fingers, it was evident how skilled he must be as an artist. Who would have guessed that watching an overweight reptile write simple information about himself would end up being so entertaining? Erik couldn't help but wonder if this client had a Picarto he could follow him on. 

	Once Tzin began reaching the more personal portion of the form, he began to get noticeably agitated. Questions asking about his weight, waistline, and eating habits were making the poor dragon squirm, sometimes muttering a few incoherent phrases in Spanish. It was painful, seeing such a talented and powerful creature struggle to even write down his weight on a piece of paper, leaving Erik in an uncomfortable position yet again. "So, what brings you all the way down here?"

	Tzin let out a faint gasp as he suddenly looked up, his yellow eyes bulging with fear as if he had just been caught doing some malicious crime. The poor guy looks so guilty just for being overweight, Erik thought to himself solemnly. Upon overcoming his sudden shock, Tzin blushed and looked down at himself, grapping a roll from his belly. "Um, well, isn't it kinda obvious?" He chuckled nervously.

	The feathered dragon was caught off guard even further when he felt a claw grab his shoulder reassuringly. Looking up, Tzin saw the ice-blue dragon smile calmly at him. "Hey, there's nothing to be ashamed of. We all have those moments where we can't help but splurge a little bit. Besides, not everyone can have an amazing metabolism am I right? Hell, I have friends who can eat a thousand calories in one sitting and not gain an ounce, whereas my clothes feel tighter if I take so much as a sip of water!"

	"Hahahahahahaha! I know, right? I know exactly how you feel!" Erik was caught off guard by the feathered drake's rapturous laughter, startled that such a shy beast like Tzin could produce such a thunderous snigger. In any case, he felt glad to know that he had succeeded in cheering up his chubby companion.  The hefty dragon continued chuckling as he patted his soft tummy, watching it jiggle. "During winter, my family likes to start baking sweets like crazy. Churros, buñuelos, Flans, pan de muertos, chocolates, and tres leches cake, just to name a few. I'm constantly surrounded by sweets at home, so it's little wonder that I managed to put on some winter weight."

	"… But it's summer."

	"And there lies the problem!" Tzin snickered, squeezing his claws into his malleable gut. "It's not uncommon that I gain a few extra pounds during the winter, but lately I've found myself snacking constantly, especially in between class. It doesn't help that my family likes to send me treats every so often to remind me of home. So instead of slimming down this summer like I usually do, I ended up bulking up!"

	"I see…" Erik nodded as he rubbed his chin, trying to appear thoughtful. In reality, he was actually lost in a daydream involving many of the delicious Mexican treats Tzin mentioned earlier. He didn't need to speak Spanish to know just how delectable desserts were down south. Waving away a particularly enticing image of himself riding down a chocolate river with a giant churro, Erik sat upright and looked at his new friend. "Well, I'm glad you decided to give our program a chance, Mr. Tzin… Erm, would you prefer if I call you Sénior Tzin?"

	"Just Tzin is fine."

	"Alright then. Anyways, I'm sure you already know this, but here at the Wholesome Hotels, we are partnering with the weight loss group known as Developing Efficient Nutrients in Young Americans (or DENYA for short) to produce a study known as Big Futures, Small Waistlines where we allow overweight college students (such as yourself, no offense,) to study abroad and earn college credits while also working to get back into shape. You will be provided with a room here, free of charge, as well as a prescription for weight loss pills. Make sure to come to the receptionist desk once a week to renew your supply of pills, as well as give an update to your condition to make sure our study is working out well for you. You are welcome to quit at anytime. Any questions?"

	"U-uh, no sir," Tzin stammered, his nervousness returning to him. 

	Upon seeing the dragon's anxious shuffling, Erik smiled again and patted his shoulder. "Relax, hun, it's actually much simpler than it sounds." The blue receptionist reached into his desk and produced a small white container that rattled when he moved it. "Just take two of these every morning, and continue doing whatever it is you do. Trust me when I say these things are amazing! I can finally eat like a pig and not have to worry about fitting in my work clothes anymore. In other words, you don't need to change your life style one bit!"

	"Wow, really?" Tzin's yellow eyes lightened up as he grabbed the container, holding it in both paws as if it were the holy grail itself! "Gosh, that's amazing! I-I'm at a loss for words here! I didn't think it would be this easy!"

	"Haha, I know, right? Those other stupid weight loss companies make it sound way harder than it really is," Erik snorted, glad to see the hefty Mexican back to his happy self again. He spun around and grabbed one of the numerous numbered keys behind him before presenting it to Tzin. "Here you go, you're now the proud owner of Room 57. Any last questions?"

	Tzin's flabby arm quickly bolted out to grab his new key, his face glued to the two new treasures he now possessed. It took him a while to even process what Erik just asked. "Oh, um, where is Room 57?"

	"Don't worry , it's not too far," Erik stood up and pointed to his right. "It's down that hall. It will be on your riiiiAAAAAARGH!!"

	Tzin squeaked and jumped back, pressing his key and pills tightly into his squishy stomach. "W-what?! What's the matter?"

	"Oh… nothing…" the blue dragon winced, mentally scolding himself for standing right on top of the broken glass he had swept up earlier. "Just… go check out your room… I hear it's a big one."

	"Well… if you say so," the large green dragon mumbled as he left the lobby, his thick tail quivering anxiously behind him as he began waddling towards his new room. 

	Erik quickly collapsed back into his chair once Tzin left, sighing in pain as he began the agonizing effort of plying the broken shards of glass from his feet. Even as he let out a pained yelp for every fragment he yanked out, the clumsy drake couldn't help but smile as he watched the fatty leave. It wasn't often that someone came to the receptionist desk to do anything but complain, so seeing someone so kind and honest was a godsend to the fed-up-with-life receptionist. 

	It was just a shame he had to lie to Tzin like that.


	For those of you who don't know (which I'm assuming isn't many), the pills Erik gave to Tzin weren't exactly meant for weight loss. Quite the opposite, in fact, as anyone more observant than the pudgy college student would notice a few interesting labels on the medicine bottle, such as "appetite enhancement" and "metabolic decelerator." To be fair, such interesting words were hidden underneath a thin wrapper with flashy colors, with bright words that practically shouted "ultra weight loss pills 3000, now in grape flavor!" And that, of course, was far more interesting to look at than those boring 4 syllable words. 

	Two weeks slowly dragged on for the draconic receptionist. There wasn't a single moment where he wasn't the slightest bit bored while on the job. Every hour was full of mundane tasks, such as pretending to look busy on the computer, or stapling a few pieces of papers together. The only real interaction he would get was when a confused customer would ask where the bathroom was, but even that was getting old fast. Erik did think about actually trying to be productive once in a while, but that all seemed like such a huge hassle. This job was just a small placeholder for him until he finally fulfilled his dreams of becoming a mad scientist anyways.

	Right as he was stapling a Garfield comic strip to a Skittles rapper (he ran out of paper), Erik heard a familiar voice call out to him as well as some very distinctive munching. "Hello, Señor Erik. I'm, uh, here for my next prescription."

	Looking up from his fine handiwork, the blue dragon grinned at the sight before him. Across from him stood Tzin, the colorful dragon smiling gently while nibbling on a massive taco. Erik didn't know what surprised him more, seeing someone eating such a large taco without crumbs flying everywhere (he couldn't so much as touch one without it exploding, it seemed), or the amount of weight Tzin managed to put on in only two weeks. The fat drake's stomach was now completely revealed from underneath his shirt, the edge of it was pressing against the desk despite Tzin standing over a foot away from it. The legs of his pants were at their limits, the seams stretching outward in a vain attempt to contain so much thigh fat. His pants also did an excellent job of showing off his flabby rear; Erik noticed a dragon-wolf whistle quite affectionately as he walked behind Tzin and glanced at the dragon's pumpkin-sized rear. Erik could even hear the floorboards creaking beneath the titanic dragon as he shifted from foot to foot awkwardly, twiddling his pudgy paws nervously.

	"Heya, buddy! Has it been two weeks already? My goodness, time sure is funky when you sit behind a desk 8 hours a day," the ice dragon chuckled as he leaned forward onto his desk, smiling warmly at his obese client. "So, how ya doing, bud? Feeling any slimmer?"

	"A little, I suppose," Tzin smiled softly, glancing down to scratch at his expansive midriff. "I probably would have lost even more weight if I wasn't such an idiot. I've been looking around for the gym you guys have here every day, but once I think I've finally found it, I end up stumbling into yet another kitchen."

	"Yeah, I honestly think you're more likely to find the entrance to Hogwarts than you are to find that gym," Erik chuckled, eyeing the fellow dragon's jiggling frame. How someone could gain several pounds in two weeks and not notice anything was beyond him. "Were the cooks at least nice to you?"

	Tzin's face lit up. "Oh, absolutely! Every time I barged in, they would give me a back of treats to take back to my dorm. I'm actually starting to run out of space to put all of the cookies and candies they've been giving me, so I have to eat it on the spot now. I just hope it doesn't affect my medication."

	"Ooh, don't be such a worrywart. You can eat all the junk food in the world and you still wouldn't mess with your pills," the blue dragon explained, a coy smirk spreading across his face. If anything, it would boost the pills' effectiveness. 

	"Well, if you say so. I just can't wait until I can finally kiss all of this goodbye." And with that, the feathered dragon tried to heave his great belly into his arms like he had done numerous times before to emphasize his weight. However, Tzin miscalculated his own weight and struggled to even wrap his doughy arms around his ponderous paunch. After a moment of exertion, he managed to finally heave his soft, squishy stomach somewhat upwards, the flab flowing around his limbs before finally dropping the butterball of blubber. "G-geeze, I had… no idea I was… so heavy," Tzin panted, his brow glistening with sweat. "I must have been humongous when I first came here!"  

	Erik chuckled softly and nodded, patting the butterball before him. "That you were, my friend. I'm honestly surprised you managed to squeeze your way into the lobby! Heck, I remember I cut my foot on the broken shards of a vase that fell due to the earthquakes you caused just by walking up to me!" Even with his fine speech skills, the blue dragon was honestly finding it rather difficult to keep a straight face as he said those things. He had to hide his head underneath the desk briefly to smile to himself while grabbing this week's pill bottle. After wiping the smirk off his face, Erik sat upwards and handed Tzin the container. "Here's to another few weeks of fine health and dieting."

	The beige and green dragon beamed as he reached for his pills, setting his oversized taco onto his shelf-like chest. "Hear hear! The next time you see me, I'll be a completely transformed dragon, just you wait!" With a very dimpled smile, the Mexican drake left the lobby, his lard-ladened tail swishing around behind him. Erik sighed happily as he watched his new friend waddle away, happy to have made such a positive impact on someone's life, even if it was through trickery and deceit. He would have loved to watch the flabby dragon squeeze back into his room, but he knew he had to look busy again just in case one of his superiors showed up. Tearing his eyes away from Tzin, the blue dragon went back to stapling a Wal Mart receipt into his leather chair, just in time to miss seeing Tzin's pants rip down the middle.  



	Ever since that day, Erik actually found himself looking forward into coming to work, and not just because they gave him a new stapler to play with. Every morning, he was visited by Tzin himself, the fluffy Mexican dragon always eager to chat with his new friend. During their free time, the two drakes would meet by Erik's desk where they would chatter away at whatever was interesting at the time, whether it be the mysterious green skunk who had been seen stealing from a bakery on the News, the selections on the new kitchen menu, or Erik's personal record of most papers stapled together. Between the blue dragon's quirky nature and the green one's increasingly-corpulent body, they were a very odd pair indeed, but they didn't let the stares of anyone get in the way of having fun together.

	All of this interaction appeared to have had a positive effect on Tzin's weight as well. Every day, the feathered dragon would appear wider than ever, as if he were a balloon being inflated ever so slowly. His gut bulged a little further, his chins sagged a little lower, his thighs squished against each other a little tighter, and so forth. It was rather astonishing for the receptionist to watch his friend add on several pounds a day, but a quick look at Tzin's eating habits made it very evident where all of the extra weight was coming from.

	No matter where he was or what he was doing, Tzin was always eating something. Always. The appetite stimulants in his pills  were certainly paying for themselves as the feathered dragon found himself unwilling to even get out of bed unless he reminded himself of the nice hot meal waiting for him in the hotel dining room. Even then, Tzin would grab a couple bags of chips to nibble on while he traversed the lengthy hallways before dining on his usual stacks of waffles, pancakes, sausages, and more. After the filling meal, the feathery dragon would pry himself from his seat, seeing as how lately his stomach would wedge itself between the table and his thighs, and take an armful of cookies to chew on as he walked back to where Erik worked. In the past, the two drakes would talk back and forth about whatever interested them at the time, but with Tzin's rapid increase in appetite, he spent less time talking and more time eating. Erik certainly didn't mind, as it finally gave him the opportunity to retell all of his grandiose stories of his dreams to become a mad scientist, or how he had gotten away with breaking the telephone at work. It was sometimes difficult to tell if Tzin was more focused on the strange tales or his delicious cookies, but he still looked complacent nevertheless. That is, until one day when he announced some very troubling news.

	"What do you mean you've been trying to cut back?!" Erik yelled when he had heard the news, attracting the attention of several nearby furs relaxing in the lobby.

	Tzin frowned and looked down in embarrassment, his muzzle burying itself into his chins while his Magic 8 Ball-sized cheeks flushed bright pink. "P-please don't be mad, Erik. It's just, I've been feeling kinda slow and lethargic lately. I'm worried that, maybe, I'm not losing as much weight as I should be because I can't control myself around food."

	"Well of course you're gonna feel that way if you don't eat enough. Everyone needs food to function, diet or no diet," Erik retorted as he sat upright in his desk, setting aside his latest stapled creation. "If you're hungry, you should eat. The diet pills will make sure you won't gain an ounce of flab."

	"But what if I'm hungry all the time?" the blubbery dragon asked, furrowing his thick brows. "I spend nearly my entire day eating at this point. Even when I'm studying, I'm cramming boxes and boxes of Chinese takeout into my mouth, or devouring entire pizzas. And I'm doing all of that as a warm up before I head to the kitchen for dinner! I-I think I might be paranoid, but it feels like I'm growing out of my clothes!" 

	"O-oh, well, that's just ridiculous, Tzin. You're still looking as thin as ever! The washing machine is probably malfunctioning or something," Erik hesitated briefly, surprised it took Tzin this long to actually grasp the idea that he was gaining weight, even if it wasn't hard to see why. The college student's largest shirt, which at one point could almost cover up the entirety of Tzin's front, could barely even contain his pillow-sized moobs at this point. Meanwhile, his torn sweat pants, which were really living up to their name by the way, were just a few pounds away from exploding into light grey confetti. 

	However, the rotund drake did not look convinced. "When I first came here, I could have sworn the bed was easily twice my size. Now, it's starting to creak and bend under me."

	"It's a pretty old bed, I'm afraid. We're overdue on getting new ones actually, so if you wait a little longer we could get you a new one."

	"I keep getting wedged in the doorways, and sometimes need an assistant's help to pull or push me through."

	"Yeah, we recently installed new doorframes that, to put it bluntly, really suck. I get jammed in them as much as you do, buddy."

	"The floorboards creak and groan when I walk over them."

	"This is a cheap hotel, dude! What did you expect, a Best Western?" Erik shouted in frustration, trying to derail Tzin's train of thought. Instead, unfortunately, it caused the poor pudgy dragon to whimper softly, his fattened features accentuating his saddened face. Immediately regretting his decision, the receptionist sighed and started to softly rub his friend's giant stomach, seeing as it was easily in reach when it dominated most of the space on his desk. "Look, I've been taking these pills for quite some time, just like you, and I agree they make you a helluva lot hungrier than usual, but please believe me when I say this is normal. Since you're losing weight so rapidly, your body is tricked into thinking it's starving, which means you will be hungry 24/7. It's a pretty sucky side effect, I know, but it's worth it to shed off your winter weight and start toting around a hot summer bod, am I right?"

	Tzin slowly looked up at his friend, a hopeful glimmer in his eyes. "So I really am losing weight…?"

	"Of course! You're looking thinner every time I see you!" Erik exclaimed, his eyes focused on the feathered beast's enormous gut. Man, it was fun playing with this thing! It's the exact size, shape, and texture of a beanbag chair! When he was finished lying to Tzin, Erik should totally ask if he could recline into the other drake's squishy stomach. "It's gonna take a while to work off all of this," he emphasized, lifting up a large chunk of Tzin's scaly belly before dropping it back onto his desk. Oops, hopefully that creak he heard was something else. "But from one dragon to another, I think you're looking great! I would totally get up to hug you right now, but I accidently knocked over a snow globe a half hour ago, and experience has taught me not to stand on broken glass."

	Tzin found himself flushing yet again, but this time it was due to pure joy. "That's alright, because I feel like picking you up and hugging you myself!" The lardaceous lizard stepped forward to try to grab his amazing friend, but ended up shoving Erik backwards with his stomach. 

	Squealing with fright, the blue drake pushed back as much of the advancing belly flab as he could, engulfing his entire upper half into the wall of blubber in a desperate attempt to not fall onto the glass before him. "U-uh, that's fine, we can hug another time!" On most circumstances, he would have loved to pinch and squeeze at the seemingly endless folds the college student sported, but when his life was in danger, he wasn't exactly in the mood.

	Realizing a little too late what he was doing, Tzin meeped in fright and backed off, his gut resting back on its usual spot on the desk. "S-sorry! I, uh, kinda forgot I still have a bit of work to do. I better swallow another pill before lunch, just to be safe."



	"As of July 9th, 2016, The staff at the Wholesome Hotel will inform guests of a new special we are currently enacting, titled "Big Futures, Small Waistlines," a program where we invite overweight college students to spend 84 days within a specialized dorm to test an experimental "diet" pill. The staff will also keep quiet and prevent any student from realizing the diet pill secretly increases one's appetite while also lowering their metabolism. Therefore, the student will be completely in the dark as he or she gains a tremendous amount of weight, preventing them from even leaving their dorms. Once that has been achieved, it is required that all staff halt their distribution of the diet pills, keeping them locked up in their rooms until their 84 days have expired. After that, the students will assume that, without their medication, they reverted back to their old ways and gained an unimaginable amount of weight in a very short time. This, in term, allows us to not only sell them the pills at an increased rate, but also demand rent from them while they're unable to leave their rooms.

	"I cannot stress enough how vital it is that everyone keeps quiet about this. The legal consequences would be most severe, possibly enough so to put all of us onto the streets. I recommend disposing this memo after you've memorized this information, preferably by burning. If this plan succeeds, we may have found a revolutionary way to capitalize on the students' insecurity, as cruel as that may sound."

	Erik sighed as he crumbled the parchment he received before becoming a receptionist, shoving it right back into his pocket. When he first found out about the Wholesome Hotel's dastardly plan, he was appalled and ready to phone up the police about this scam, but after he received his first paycheck… well, he started having second thoughts. Every time he worked up the courage to march on out of the building and show the flyer to the local police station, he would receive a very generous raise in his salary, as well as a brand new toy for him to distract himself with (last week's was a laser pointer). It felt so wrong to be accepting such a horrible bribe and allowing himself to lie to the poor obese college students who happened to fall for such a hoax, especially Tzin. He even tried lying to himself about it, mentally reiterating how the college students were somehow happier the fatter they grew. He even remembered a particular red otter laughing to himself as he broke one of the reinforced chairs at the mess hall. But still, the guilt had built up inside of him the same way that fat had built up inside of all of the furs he shammed. How ironic.

	With yet another sad sigh, Erik stuck the last of his possessions into a cardboard box. It was time he finally left this accursed hotel and found a more pleasant job somewhere else. He knew that spilling the company's dark secrets would lead to some very bad blood with them, which he had been warned would make his life a living nightmare, so he knew he had to take this secret with him to his grave. The poor drake sniffled as he heaved the big brown boxes stacked on top of each other and left his desk, ignoring the pain of stepping on a broken pencil sharpener. 

	*THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP!*

	At first, Erik thought he had been caught in an earthquake as the ground shook from beneath his feet, followed by his boxes toppling over onto the floor. The former receptionist was bending over to pick them up just as he heard a very familiar voice. "Hey, Erik? Whatcha *UUURP* doing down there?"

	Even though he had been used to seeing gigantic furs these past few months, Erik always found himself caught off guard when he saw the Wholesome Hotel's very first guest, the blue dragon's jaw dropping to the floor along with his scattered materials. The best way he could describe what he was currently seeing was a massive wall of creamy blubber slowly advancing towards him, filling up nearly the entire hallway.

	After his last meeting with Erik, Tzin finally allowed his appetite to run rampant, the immense dragon devouring anything edible within arms length. He spent several hours a day holed up in the dining room, inhaling vast quantities of greasy fatty foods while constantly demanding more, putting the kitchen staff to work on cooking up enough meals to feed the hotel's entire inhabitants, all of it going straight into the greedy drake's bottomless gut. It no longer bothered the glutton how he had to sit on the floor since no chair could hold him, or how the employees had to lean into his lard-ladened gut; for all he knew, he was the skinniest one in the hotel as he ate without care.

	Several months of this treatment did more than its fair share on Tzin's form. His entire body quivered and jostled about with each heavy step he took, the entire floor bending and creaking beneath him. The dragon's sizable paunch could completely fill a pickup truck by itself, while the entirety of him would crush a car better than any compacter could. His breath came out hoarse and gasping as he struggled to move his blubber body forward, his tire-sized arms bent at an angle briefly resembling a running position. It was actually rather difficult to tell if he was moving or not, seeing as how any of his leg movements were obscured due to the thick apron of belly that flowed onto the ground, but it slowly became apparent that he was, in fact, moving closer due to the growing intensity in the earthquakes.

	After what felt like enough time to pick up all of his items, drive back home, and find a new job, Tzin finally stood within speaking distance of Erik, the gargantuan drake panting wildly. "Sorry I *huff huff* took so long, I *wheeze* was feeling a little *pant pant* winded after *gasp* breakfast."

	"That's totally fine," Erik responded kindly, a thin smile spreading across his lips. Breakfast would surely be taxing on the spherical dragon, as well as anyone else involved. "I'm glad you could see me off, buddy. I'm really going to miss you. You've been one of the nicest and honest friends I've ever met in my life. I doubt I'll meet anyone as hardworking and kind as you."

	Tzin's face lit up like a Christmas tree, his sunken muzzle smiling widely at the compliments, forming golf ball-sized dimples in his cheeks. "So have you, Erik. You're incredibly entertaining and fun to talk with. I just wish I had more time to chat with you. This place won't be the same without you…"

	There was an uncomfortable pause as the two fellow dragons looked at one another, each of them bearing hallow smiles to hide their frowning hearts. The only noise in the room came from Tzin's stomach, which still hadn't stopped jostling and jiggling around despite it's owner being stationary. After a while, said stomach let out a huuuuuuuuuge growl, loud enough to echo down the adjacent hallways. "Heheh, sounds like you're overdue on second breakfast."

	"Hahahaha! Right as ever! I better get going before they start without me!" Tzin chortled, patting what he could reach of his expansive midriff. Instead of leaving, however, the dragon stepped closer and lowered his voice. "Um, before we go, could we maybe have one last hug? I believe you still owed me one from last time."

	This time, Erik found himself smiling genuinely. "I would love to, bud." He stretched his arms as wide as he could, even if they weren't as wide as the behemoth before him, and stepped forward. 

	What was meant to be a little hug ended up being an emotional embrace as Erik, through some unseen force, found himself squeezing as much of Tzin as possible. Immediately, all of his stress and doubts that he plagued him since he had joined the Wholesome Hotel dissipated as he felt the soft, supple scales squish around his arms, body, head, and even his legs! It was all he could do to prevent himself from falling asleep against the enormous boulder of a belly, the tiny dragon's eyes fluttering shut. Many times, he found himself groping and squeezing the malleable gut, eager to actually try and bury himself into the blubber, causing the recipient to giggle cutely as his sensitive stomach was tickled. They stayed like that for quite some time, Erik holding his head close into the amazing dome of fat, listening to his stomach gurgling and grumbling to no end. 

	Maybe he could stay a little longer.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/20755602/