Being the most-notorious member of your mercenary team certainly had its drawbacks, especially when fighting against a team that specialized in taking out the strongest members first. For Denya, however, it only meant more attention for himself. Whether or not it was positive attention had no meaning to the egocentric spy; it just meant more people were looking at him. Given that a spy's role was to blend into the background and sneak by the enemy undetected, many assumed that he would be more of a hindrance rather than an asset, but his remarkable aim with his revolver and uncanny knife-play easily earned him the highest rank of his team, rewarding him with the highest pay as well.

Quick Trivia Question: What would a high-class gadget-wearing draolf spend his daily thousand dollar check on? If your answer is anything but food, then I'd suggest never entering any Jeopardy tournaments. Growing up, Denya never got to experience the sweet pleasures that pastries and candy bestowed; Instead, he was lucky to eat an entire salad at a meal without being reprimanded by his domineering parents. To them, life was about fitness and health, one with absolutely zero fat content whatsoever, leaving behind a powerful and muscular body, the epitome of a handsome figure. To Denya, life was hell.

With his absurdly huge paycheck, however, the red spy could taste the deliciousness of freedom, with two heaping scoops of vanilla ice-cream and extra whipped cream. Life quickly turned from nibbling a bowl of lettuce to devouring pastries by the armful. Donuts, burgers, milkshakes, and french fries were just some of the massive variety of gourmet delicacies Denya feasted upon, his taste buds almost exploding from the flavors! His own teammates even claimed he was just as starved for a good meal as he was for attention by the way he vacuumed up anything deep fried and high in fat.

And speaking of high in fat, that's exactly what Denya became. At first, his teammates quickly disregarded the small paunch that was to form on him, simply assuming it was just the aftermath of one of his many binges. Soon, it quickly became apparent the RED spy was becoming a bit more than well fed when a seam in his suit split along the middle of his belly, exposing a bit of his grey pudgy belly. The next day he had to go up a size, but only for that suit to tear up two weeks later, this time right along his rear.

Soon, it became a cycle of up-sizing his uniform every two weeks as Denya's weight gain went uncontested. His once moderately-chubby gut ballooned outwards into a full on belly, his squishy stomach resting heavily on his well-padded thighs at all times, even while standing. His thick arms could barely hold themselves up, let alone carry a gun and a knife for too long without feeling incredibly sore. His back grew outwards wider than he is tall, which, combined with his trademark red outfit, gave him the appearance of a barn when glanced from behind. Speaking of behind, his rump had swollen out into a league of their own, each of his cheeks easily distinguishable even behind his outfit. 

Naturally, his team had to finally impede Denya's daily binges when they noticed how heavily their metal bench bent beneath the draolf's humongous rump. It was bad enough their number one mercenary was heavier than a cow, but the massive weight gain and decrease in physical activity had left him more than a bit lethargic. Just waddling a short distance was enough to throw him out of breath, the constant shuffling of his tree trunk thighs wearing him down surprisingly fast. There was no way Denya could maintain his title as #1 mercenary if he couldn't even run down a heavy! Faced with the threat of a serious pay deduction, the obese draolf quickly amassed a new strategy. If his weight gain somehow managed to slow him down, perhaps it could work for the other team as well....



Eh, there was meant to be a lot more to this story but I'm exhausted x.x maybe I'll write a part 2 in a journal or something.

Anyways, here's a pic of my mate and me being fatties at tf2, drawn by the awesome  silverlover03 We first met through tf2, so I figure a pic such as this would be a great 2 year anniversary present. It's an awesome drawing, I love how Zane's stomach almost touches the floor from just bending over ^^

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15770009/