dragontzin is such an awesome guy, it's no wonder all of his friends wanted to throw him a surprise birthday party! But when the big-bellied dragon has to decline, those friends will do whatever it takes to get their birthday pal to relax. 

A quick birthday gift thingy I wrote to try and loosen up in writing. Writing about multiple characters is reaaaally hard. I wanted to make them all feel unique and interesting, but unfortunately I couldn't think of a way without possibly offending them. Still, I'm somewhat pleased that I came up with a solution to that problem, even if it's kinda cliched lol.

I hope you all enjoy~

Starring  dragontzin as Tzin
 youcrazyforthis as JT
 abthegreat as AB otter
 adrion_knollstead as Ba- I mean Adrion
And me as Denya c:



	“I’m not that fat...am I?” 

	Tzin was normally good at ignoring any doubts that sprang into his head, especially when it came to his figure, but on this particular hour of this particular day, the dragon couldn’t help but feel rather self conscious of his weight. Standing right outside a clothing store, Tzin could faintly see his reflection through the display, revealing him in all of his curvy glory. 

	The drake bit his lip nervously, reaching down to heft his yellow gut in his green arms without breaking eye contact with the fatty in the display. He had gone through the entire day dismissing any qualms his wider figure would have given him. His tight clothes, for example, were surely a byproduct of misusing the washer and dryer, while his wooden desk had been warped due to the latest heatwave, making squeezing into it more of a chore than before. The drake was even quick to dismiss how difficult standing up had became as a result of simply being an overworked college student, but now, standing before his reflection, there was no denying it any longer.

	Tzin was a fat dragon.

	Grimacing at the realization, Tzin continued inspecting himself in the display, frantically searching for an excuse. “M-maybe the window is curved or something...l-like a funhouse mirror?” The green and yellow dragon allowed himself a brief smile. Surely that would explain why the yellow markings on his cheeks, hips, and sides were looking so distorted, but that didn’t explain what he saw next.

	So obsessed he was over his reflection, that Tzin failed to notice that he was standing right in front of a mannequin displaying a rather fancy two-piece suit. Not only that, but his reflection was lined up perfectly to match the suit, enough so for the dragon to see that he practically eclipsed it. His flabby arms would have torn the sleeves, his cleavage would easily be visible through the heavy suit much like it was through his own thin green shirt, and his beachball belly would almost certainly end up bursting a few buttons if he were to try wearing it. 

	As if Tzin wasn’t feel horrible enough, the sign said the suit was an XL as well. 

	“Damn…” Tzin sighed, his sausage-like tail falling limply against the ground. He had enough on his plate as it is (both figuratively and metaphorically), being a foreign exchange student in a new country; he didn’t want to add balancing his diet onto his ever growing list of concerns. He tried sucking in his hefty gut, desperate to try to fit into that metaphorical suit, but the stares he was receiving from other passer byers was enough to convince the doughy dragon to simply accept his weight and walk away. 

	With his weight finally revealed to him, Tzin found the trip home to be more awkward and cumbersome than before. He was painfully aware how much of his seat he took up in the bus, to the point where he was almost spilling into the adjacent seats. The dragon also could have sworn the bus lurched when he stepped on or off as well, but there was no way he could weight that much, right? Besides, today was supposed to be hot and humid, which would explain why he was so out of breath when climbing the stairs to his apartment.

	“No...that’s not the reason,” he mumbled between pants, glancing down to his obtrusive middle, bouncing and jostling with each step he took like an actual ball of chub. 

	It was a relief when he finally saw his house over the horizon, and already the dragon was imagining himself plopping onto his bed stuffing his face with Cheetos, his fat ass be damned. Maybe he can figure out a diet and exercise plan that won’t break the bank and take up too much of his precious time later, right now he really needed to just close himself in and avoid all these nagging worries that had been plaguing him the entire way home. The feathery drake unslung his backpack as he approached the door, once again aware of how tightly those straps dug into his doughy shoulders even after loosening them, and pushed open the doo-

	“SURPRISE!!!”

	“Gah!!” Tzin yelped in surprise, hurling his backpack behind in blind panic. Standing with his arms in the air like someone were holding a gun to him, the dragon’s yellow eyes were wide with shock. His heart hammered in his chest from the fear, before suddenly swelling with joy as he finally realized what was going on. “You guys...you didn’t have to!”

	“But we did!” Denya chuckled, the portly draolf grabbing his friend by the arm and pulling him inside. Tzin laughed even as he stumbled after, finding his typically boring and cluttered living space changed into a scene of a great party! Streamers dangled from the ceiling lights, balloons floated along the walls, and even a homemade banner spelling “HAPPY BIRTHDAY TZIN” hung from the ceiling! Tzin would have loved to have observed and better appreciate his friends’ efforts, but was quickly bombarded by said friends coming in for multiple hugs!

	“Heya, man! Hope we didn’t startle ya too badly,” JT snickered, the red wolf squeezing his friend tightly. 

	“Yeah, you were looking almost as pale as, well, me!” The black and white badger known as Adrion laughed, wrapping his arms around the dragon from behind. 

	“Naah, Tzin’s just a big ol’ scaredy cat, isn’t that right?” AB teased, his wide grin as infectious as ever as the chubby red and yellow otter somehow managed to squeeze his way into the group hug as well. 

	The birthday boy laughed. “Am not!’ He cried in mock indignation, yet he couldn’t hold back his grin as he did his best wrap his friends in as big of a hug as he could, purring contently. “I hope I didn’t keep you guys waiting long. I mean, I had no idea you guys were coming and all, but still-”

	Tacos.

	Tzin had no idea how he hadn’t noticed that strong, meaty aroma before, but now that he had gotten over his shock, the dragon’s snout was filled with that delicious smell. Stomach gurgling with hunger, the drake even dropped the group hug just to appreciate the smell better. “Huuurf...y-you guys didn’t.”

	“Oh, we totally did!” AB laughed, stepping back to allow his draconic friend to sniff out his prize. Nearly the entirety of the kitchen was covered in the delicious tacos the tables and counters practically buried beneath the avalanche of corn shells and shredded beef. The sight of so much greasy, tasty food was almost enough to bring a tear to the mexican dragon’s eye. 

	Adrion beamed, clapping his fluffy arm around the drake’s broad shoulders. “Yeah, it took us all like two hours making all of them! Would have been a lot quicker if a certain otter and wolf with abbreviated names would stop stuffing their fat faces once in a while.” The badger glared back at JT and AB, the former rolling his eyes while the latter blushed and smirked innocently. “Don’t give me those looks! At least Denya tried helping, even if all he did was sweep the crumbs away with his tail and wings!

	“Anyways,” the badger turned back to his feathery friend. “Please, help yourself. I promise you they taste even better than they look!”

	Tzin really wanted to help himself too, his fingers wiggling in the air as if playing an invisible suspended piano, yet as much as his heart and stomach yearned to be filled with beefy, crunchy goodness, his brain told him otherwise. “I...I really shouldn’t,” the dragon sighed, disappointing himself with his own excuse. “I mean, I really appreciate all the effort, and it all smells so good, but, as you can see, I need to set some boundaries on myself.” Tzin hefted his gut for emphasis. “I’ve put on quite bit of weight, and I promised myself earlier today that I would try to cut back on the fatty foods...I’m really sorry, guys.” 

	The disappointment was infectious. The entire mood of the party went south quickly as his friends’ smiling faces dropped like a bag of rocks. Tzin didn’t know what to do or say to bring back the festivities; heck, every thought in his mind was focused on those delicious, succulent tacos just barely out of arm's reach of the tubby drake. 

	Fortunately, he didn’t have to say anything. “Grrrk! This thing is so heavy!” Denya wheezed, having left the room to retrieve the dragon’s thrown backpack. Huffing and panting, the draolf dragged the heavy pack onto the couch before quickly collapsing next to it, his flabby middle rising and falling with each ragged gasp. “Sheesh, that thing weighs a ton! I needed two arms just to budge it! Do you seriously lug that thing around everywhere you go?” 

	“Well, I kinda have to. All of my important text books are in there,” the dragon muttered, scratching his feathery head curiously. His backpack wasn’t that heavy, was it? He certainly didn’t think so, yet there was Denya collapsed on the couch after dragging the knapsack across the room, looking as if he had spent all day at the gym!

	Tzin was astonished at how out of shape his friend was, so much so that he failed to notice the whispering and muttering behind him. He was about to sit down and offer the poor draolf some water when a pair of chubby paws suddenly groped his arms, kneading and rubbing deep into the chub. “Holy crap, there must be more muscle in your arm than there is in my entire body! Do you lift?” AB purred.

	“W-what?” The dragon’s green cheeks flushed as red as his feathers. “W-well, I mean, just my backpack, but-” 

Tzin was interrupted as the otter suddenly pulled him back towards the kitchen, grinning from ear to ear. “Gosh, no wonder you’re so ripped! I bet you need a ton of protein to keep those sick gains coming, huh?”

	“B-but I don’t-”

	“Absolutely!” Adrion chirped up, standing besides the towering mass of tacos. “You’re in luck, Tzin! I got some real good quality beef for these tacos, not just your average run-of-the-mill shredded beef crap. Go on, have a taste!”

	“I-I-I really shouldn’t-”

	“Oh, lay off him already, the poor guy’s had a rough day,” JT sighed. Tzin was about to thank the red wolf, only to see him walk towards the table and pull out a chair instead, gesturing to it. “I mean, you gotta lug that heavy backpack too and from school while taking the bus, right? I mean, that’s gotta be hell on your feet! Why not take a load off, kick your feet up, and enjoy a bite or two? You know how good Adrion’s cooking is, right?”

	Tzin did know. He also knew that was part of the reason why he sported a paunch, but didn’t want to say it outloud and hurt the badger’s feelings. He wanted to tell his friends no, but seeing them all so happy and eager to help out the overworked drake made his heart swell with joy. With a smile of his own, the big dragon sighed playfully and sat down in the chair. “Alright alright, you got me. But just one or two tacos, ok?”

	Tzin lifted the nearest taco, his maw drooling as he saw the shredded cheese melting into the warm beef, lightly coated with sour cream. The dragon thought he knew exactly how it would taste just from looking at it, but was pleasantly surprised after taking a bite to discover a myriad of other flavors mixed into it as well! There must have been nearly a dozen different spices and seasonings on top of this one taco alone, all of which complimented each other perfectly to deliver a spicy, zesty, flavorful experience! Before he knew it, the dragon was stuck licking his fingers, barely remembering cramming the rest of the delicious snack down his gullet!

	“He likes it!” Adrion beamed, his little badger tail wagging as he offered a second taco. “Here, try this one next! I made all of these tacos a little differently, and I wanna know which one you you think is the best!” 

	Tzin obliged. The second taco was just as, if not more delicious than the last, the dragon murring happily as he licked his chops. Still, a pang of guilt suddenly welled up in his chest as he realized he had already eaten two massive, carb-filled snacks less than a minute apart from each other. Even if he was trying to help Adrion here, maybe he should save the rest for later?

	That thought quickly went out the window as AB approached from behind, rubbing along the drake’s broad shoulders. “Dang, Tzin, you’re built like a linebacker! No need to diet now, dude, not when you’ve got a body of an amazing athlete!” 

	The dragon blushed, but continued with his next few taco earnestly, each one leaving their mark on his taste buds, as well as his stomach. Tzin realized soon that he was starting to fill up rather quickly, noting how his shirt no longer could cover the bottom hem of his stomach even when pulled back, but before he could comment on that, JT was there to offer his testimonial. “Here, why don’t I get you a chair to put your feet up on? That’s what I like to do after a stressful day, and I can tell you really need the relaxation.” 

	Tzin didn’t mutter any objections, and not just because his mouth was full of warm, gooey goodness. He was happy to swing his legs onto the second chair, leaning back into his own seat as he ate without remorse. Adrion’s superb cooking, combined with AB’s constant praise and JT’s gentle encouragement allowed the dragon to finally unwind. Heck, he had no idea he was subconsciously sucking in his stomach until it suddenly billowed outwards, lifting his shirt up a little more...and a little more...and a little more... 

	“Which of these two tastes better? I used Monterey Jack on one and Cheddar on the other,” Adrion asked. Tzin responded the only way he knew how: devouring both of them with reckless abandonment before giving the badger two thumbs up, one for each taco, only to start reach for more delectable treats. Fortunately the sound of crunching shells was loud enough to cover up the ripping and tearing noises emanating from the drake’s sleeves, his arm fat billowing out. 

	AB didn’t seem to notice, or rather didn’t say anything as he continued prodding at the dragon’s arms and shoulders, slowly turning his pokes and jostles into a comforting back and shoulder massage. “Jeeze, you’re back is as shredded at that cheese is! I know who to call next time I need furniture moved!” The otter smirked, pressing his palms into the dragon’s squishy back folds, kneading them like dough. 

	Tzin purred comfortably, leaning further back into his chair while ignoring the creaks and groans it caused. Just moving his arms back and forth was enough to jostle and quiver his entire flabby form, the 400+ pound dragon dangerously close to breaking his own furniture. To remedy this, JT was there to start offering Tzin the tacos directly, holding them in front of his pudgy muzzle. “Hey, don’t work yourself up too much there, buddy. Let me help you with that.” 

	Who was he to argue with such generosity? With dimples forming in his pudgy cheeks, Tzin smiled and closed his eyes, happy to let his canine companion take over his feeding. All that stress and anxiety just melted away like ice in a frying pan as he was allowed to enjoying his badger friend’s cooking, knowing full well from AB that he was in peak, physical condition. He ate and ate, occasionally feeling certain parts of his body grow immensely tight before surging forward, such as around his waist, chest, and thighs. Surely that was AB working out a few kinks and knots in his body and not him literally exploding out of his clothes in a sea of fat brought on by all of his excessive eating, right? Of course it was, he was in great shape! 

	Tzin happily ate, oblivious to his lard billowing outwards. Every bite he took contributed further to his growing mass, his stomach surging higher with each bite, making it more difficult for JT to reach over for more tacos. His arms and legs rose and filled outwards like rolls of dough rising in an oven, making it near impossible to feel any semblance of muscle beneath all that chub, yet that didn’t stop AB from trying. He was past his wrists in pure, scaly blubber, and enjoying every moment of it! 

	As his weight gradually approached the quadruple digits, Tzin’s doubts started to fester yet again, but it was up to his friends to put those quelms to rest, filling his mind with sweet nothings. 

	“You’d like this sour cream, Tzin. It’s organic, but the good kind!” 

	“Does Germany have an official football team? If they do, you should totally try out, I bet you could take on an entire team by yourself!” 

	“You’re still kinda tense, dude. Try taking deep breaths through your nose while you eat...yeah, like that! Doesn’t that feel great?”

	It did feel great. Tzin’s purring could almost be heard over the sound of crunching tacos as he completely surrendered himself to the will of his friend, focusing only on the deliciousness of the warm tacos. He didn’t notice every last stitch of his clothes ripping out, of his pudge spilling over the table, or even the chairs suddenly snapping beneath him, sending him into a jiggling frenzy! 

	But he did notice when the food supply ran out. 

	Tzin continued hanging his maw open like a hungry bird before gradually opening his eyes, expecting to see more tacos awaiting him. Instead, all he saw was himself; a great yellow mound of a gut billowing out higher than he was tall! His eyes widened as he attempted to lift his arms to feel his newfound girth, only to grunt and struggle as said arms were now wider and heavier than the very same backpack Denya struggled to bring in! With his vision clearing, the drake noticed not only his snout looking stouter and wider, but his own cheeks obscuring his peripheral vision, as big and yellow as overripe grapefruits! Even his tail was thick and full of rolls like a stuffed croissant. His chins cascaded down onto his plump chest, covered with shredded fabric and crumbs like sprinkles on a cake. 

	And speaking of cake. 

	“Here...it is…” Tzin heard Denya mutter and pant, along with the creaking of overburdened wheels. Turning his head as much as his thickened neck would allow, the dragon gasped as he saw an enormous chocolate cake, bigger than even the fattened drake, being wheeled towards him. Stumbling out from behind the colossal cake was Denya, the overworked draolf waddled forward a few inches before collapsing right onto Tzin’s fattened middle, sinking in a good half foot into the bed-like belly. “No more heavy lifting please,” the hybrid whimpered, muffled by the flabby belly. 

	“Damn it, Denya, you’re too early! We were supposed to wait until after Tzin was ok with us stuffing him into a blob before showing the cake!” JT sighed, rubbing his forehead in frustration. 

	It was at that point that Tzin had had enough. “W-what is *bwurrrp!* going on?” The overfed reptile mumbled, chins and cheeks quivering as he spoke. 

	AB was the first to react, the otter kneeling next to Tzin to lightly drum on his tum. “Nothing at all, bud! We just wanted to give you the amazing birthday you deserved!”

	“B-but I’m enormous! I’m an actual blob!” The dragon jostled his enormous stomach for emphasis, disturbing the tired draolf laying on top of him. 

	“Nothing wrong with being a little overweight once in a while. Trust me, I would know,” JT smirked, crossing his arms cooly as he sat next to Denya on top of the dragon’s doughy middle. “You were having fun though, weren’t you? You were looking so relaxed and happy just a few minutes ago.” 

	“The food was delicious, wasn’t it?” Adrion beamed, rubbing the dragon’s squishy jowls. 

	AB was already by the cake, holding up a large knife. “And there’s no reason we can’t continue, right?” 

	Tzin wanted to yell at his friends for tricking him, to snap just like his chairs snapped earlier (seriously, how did he not feel the fall?!) but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Instead, he chose to laugh a deep belly laugh, jostling the two canines on him. “I have the weirdest friends in the world...Sure, what the heck? After all, I’m not big enough to fit all four of you yet!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/30563462/