Everyone fell into a hush as their eyes centered on the two massive beings standing on stage, unable to tear their gaze away from the spherical furs as if their attention was trapped inside their collective gravity. Considering how rounded their bodies were, it was fair to compare the competitors to celestial beings, seeing as how they resembled planets with limbs. The wooden stage bowed out, splintering beneath the considerable weight the wrestlers contained. 

Once onstage, the two combatants squared off, their stomachs already clashing despite standing at their respective starting positions. The referrer had to stand offstage, considering there was little room for a third party in the ring. 

On the right, Denya stood ready for the fight, his stance permanently widened into a wrestler's pose due to his massive thighs. Having joined the contest on a dare, the young draolf soon discovered he had a natural talent for sumo wrestling on account of simply being an immovable object. He plowed through the competition simply by standing still and letting the lighter wrestlers bounce off his tremendous gut like a spring pad. At first the draolf simply stood and waited for his opponents to tire themselves out before waddling forward and shoving them outside the ring, but as his chances of winning the grand prize grew closer and closer, he started actually trying. Now, with the life time supply of Hostess Cupcakes at the edge of his pudgy finger tips, the hefty draolf prepared for his final bout, eager to see how he would compare with his biggest competition yet.

Although, "big" alone couldn't describe the big green behemoth standing before him. Being as competitive as he was greedy, Zero prepared weeks in advance before entering the sumo competition, and by prepare, I mean eating 6 meals a day with snacking in between. When he wasn't stuffing his face, the gluttonous skunk skimmed through on the basics of sumo wrestling, gaining a basic knowledge of the craft unlike the portly draolf before him who won out of his sheer luck and girth. Even in between matches, Zero made sure to have his assistant Sheero bring him boxes of take out to binge on, causing him to blimp up bigger and bigger after every consecutive match like a balloon in slow motion. While his speed and agility took a nose dive, the blubbery skunk made up for it and then some with his size and weight alone, which surpassed even the dimwitted draolf! There was no way he could lose this match!

And thus, the two rivals stood ready, sizing up each other's impressive frames. Zero smirked as he knew he had the advantage with experience and weight, while Denya was simply envious of the skunk's gradual transformation. Normally, the draolf might have taken the bout a little less seriously, wanting to instead playfully shove and grope the squishy skunk before him, but he had a life time supply of cupcakes to win.



And who do YOU think should win the bout? Will Zero's advantages pay off in the long run, or will Denya's inexperience allow him to trick the skunk with some never before seen tactic? One thing's for certain, whoever wins this tournament won't be losing weight any time soon, not with so many cupcakes at their disposal~

Awesome commission from  fang-wolf who did a fantastic job! I love how their belts struggle to carry so much gut! Thank you so much man! ^^

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/24210720/