I think I'm getting a bit better at speedwrites. Not so much making them shorter, just slightly less wordy and annoying :p

Raffle winner  docodile 's story involes a strong and greedy king, who gets more than what he bargains for when he finds an idol that promises a bountiful harvest throughout the entire kingdom. It doesn't help matters much that said artifact likes to play around with the weilder's brain, more specifically whichever part of the brain controls hunger~

I hope you all enjoy! 



	Akkradile felt as if he were on pins and needles, constantly twisting and curling his tail in anticipation. No matter how hard he tried, the large alligator couldn't find the will power to sit still all day. Every muscle in his grand body was taunt with anxiety, his heart beating furiously in his chest, knowing just how important today was going to be.

	Subjects came and went through the lengthy lizard's throne room, asking if he needed anything to calm his nerves. A class of water, perhaps, or maybe a scone to nibble on to help pass the time by. Every time, however, Akkradile would wave his servants away, finding their constant pacing around to be just as unnerving as waiting for the news. 

	Just thinking about it made the king nibble on his claws while glancing down the hallways fretfully. He knew there was nothing he could do other than sit and wait, but that still couldn't quench his thirst for answers. Did they manage to secure it? Has it been brought back to his palace yet? And, most importantly, does it work like the legends said it would? That last mental question caused the gator to accidently chomp a little too hard on his finger, letting out a painful hiss as he flailed his hand around. 

	"Lord Akkradile, sir!" The king almost jumped in his throne from the pent up anxiety, startling the reporting fox. "T-the archiologists have finally returned, sir, and-"

	"The artifact, boy! What of the artifact!" Akkradile suddenly roared, furrowing his lengthy muzzle. 

	The frightened vulpine swallowed loudly and stammered, clearly thinking on how best to phrase his response. "W-well, it has been r-recovered just as you ordered, b-but it's still-"

	"Let me see it!" 

	The fox barely had enough time to hop out of the way as Akkradile leapt forward and marched past him, the ground shaking beneath the reptile's feet. He knew there was no point in reasoning with his king, or even trying to slow him down! While most leaders grew lazy and soft with their new founded power, Akkradile made sure to keep his body as mighty as ever, devoting most of his free time to exercising every muscle he could. As a result, no one dared cross paths with the robust alligator if they could help it, for fear of being thrown out of the way like a leaf in a hurricane. Fortunately, he could be heard running a mile away, leaving guests and servants alike ample time to leap out of the way for the hulking white blur. 

	From outside, it appeared as if the entire castle were shaking itself, as if it were trying to break free of its foundations. The trembling was only mitigated slightly once Akkradile literally burst through the castle door, scattering wood, splinters, and unlucky servants all over. That didn't stop the zealous king, however, as he shrugged off the splinters from his spiky back. "Where is it!?" 

	 A sudden hush fell over the courtyard as everyone turned to glance at their deranged king with looks of shock and fear. Those who continued walking ended up crashing into those who stood still, leaving to a sort of domino effect as several furs started falling onto one another. Those who were oblivious to the chaos surrounding them quietly swore, knowing that this day had been coming for quite some time now. After today, their kingdom was going to change forever; it was unclear whether these changes would be for the better or for the worse. 

	Akkradile sprinted past the flabbergasted bystanders, ignoring their stares as he finally caught sight of his target. With a few powerful strides, the albino alligator leapt straight for the tightly-knit group of dusty moles, all of whom were lucky enough to be blind so as to not see 300 pounds of scales and muscles charging straight for them. 

	For a moment, it appeared the two parties were at a standstill, Akkradile leaning over the archeologists with clenched teeth and knotted fists while they in turn curiously stared back at their ruler. Seeing the moles huddle over an object swaddled with rags made the hulking reptile want to seize it for himself, but he knew that such an action is very unbecoming of a king. It's fine if he he kicked down his own front door and scattered a dozen servants with brute force, but taking something valuable out of someone else's paws, even if it was rightfully his, was a big no-no. After a few moments of awkwardly huffing and puffing, Akkradile managed to swallow down most of his aggression and step away from the moles. "You've returned." 

	"Indeed, we have," the eldest of the scavengers confirmed, adjusting his eyeglass with a dirty paw. "We've been through and hell and back trying to reclaim this here artifact, ya know. There were bottomless pits, fire traps, snakes, bottomless pits with fiery snakes, and more! My hinny is still sore from the latter," he complained, wiping his scorched cloak. "You see, along the way-"

	"That can wait!" The king interrupted, thumping the ground with his mighty tail. "You did manage to collect the artifact, correct?"

	"Oh, most certainly, sir!" The second mole piped up, showing off her many missing teeth and she grinned. "It's as marvelous as you described! I can practically feel the magic coursing through my veins just from looking at it, even though I can't see! Isn't that amazing?!"

	Akkradile sighed and clenched his fists tighter, trembling his fibrous arm. "Yes, I'm certain it is amazing. Now if you all could just let me see it-,"

	"Of course, of course!" All three squeaked in unison as they threw over the wrapped treasure, looking rather eager to get rid of the object that caused them so much peril. "Now, about that 'Hero's Compensation' you mentioned a while back…"

	Akkradile wasn't listening to a word they said, an evil smirk spreading across his muzzle as he ripped apart the clothe like it was gift wrapper. Said smirk only grew wider as a sudden golden glow made itself apparent, almost blinding the reptile with its pure brilliance. Resting in his claws was a golden stature of a dragon sporting an enormous pot belly with the words Et Esca Omnium sketched along the bottom. "This is it!" he roared to no one in particular as he held the prized trophy above his head. "This is the relic that we've been waiting for!"

	Having rehearsed this moment in their heads repeatedly, the crowd of bruised villagers raised their paws/claws in unison and cheered. Those who were still recovering from being knocked over quickly joined in the festivities as well, not wanting to be left out of the fun. "With this trinket, we shall be blessed with plentiful harvests forever! No more hours of labor for scraps or string! No more horrible winters with nothing but bread and water! No more starvation, period!"

	This time, the entire courtyard let out a collective scream of approval, their thunderous applause echoing into the surrounding mountainside. They had heard news that their king had sent explorers to uncover a hidden treasure, but never imagined it would be something that would benefit the entire kingdom! Hardly anyone knew how to react to the overwhelming news; in fact, nobody knew what to do next. Once the cheering died down, the furs were left gawking at their king silently, awaiting to be dismissed or something. They might have just continued standing there for the rest of the evening had a voice not called out from amidst the crowd. "Now what?"


	At first, the albino croc didn't respond as he continued to stare at his prized possession, his pupils flashing a multitude of interesting colors. After a moment of awkward standing, Akkradile finally reared his head back, his tongue hanging out from the side of his muzzle. "Go back home, and leave me in peace! You all have jobs to do, whether it's growing food or bringing it here!" A murmur of dissatisfaction quickly rippled through the crowd, confused as to their king's sudden attitude change. None of them dared to question such an important figure, however, and did as they were told, albeit with some hushed complaints. Ignoring the dampened mood, Akkradile went back to staring at the golden dragon as he shuffled his way back into the castle, scratching at his growling abs. He would take care of everything later; right now, there was a feast to attend.



	Roasted turkey, seasoned shrimp, fresh lamb, and other delectables littered the dining room table, it's study legs bending underneath the weight of the feast meant for a hundred men; or rather, one very hungry alligator. Akkradile devoured everything in reach with breakneck speed, not even bothering to use any utensils or even his plate as he grabbed entire trays of roasted meat, scarfing them down with several large bites before tossing it aside and reaching for more. Lifting massive servings of food took little effort to the brawny reptile, even as he listed an entire roasted big to his muzzle and ran his mouth threw it as if it were corn on the cob. It only took the gluttonous king a mere twenty minutes to eat everything within arm's reach before slamming his fists into the table. "More food!"

	The servants were at a loss of words for their kings indecency, many of them trembling in the corner. They were told to prepare a massive feast using everything in the castle's stores once word of the mystical artifact came to them, yet they figured it was to share with the kingdom's inhabitants, not just for the king. "M-my lord," a timid otter shivered, looking as pale as the alligator before him. "A-are you f-feeling all right? E-eating too much food is-"

	The otter was silenced as Akkradile bit off an entire chunk of the table, swallowing the basketball-sized slab of wood as if it were nothing, then turning to glare at his servant, his eyes continuing to flash different colors. "The next one who disobeys a direct order from their king will find their head bitten off instead. Now, pass me more food, now!"

	With eyes as wide as dinner plates, the staff went to work with carrying the rest of meal towards the muscular gator, making sure to keep their heads as far away from the king's mouth as possible. Glad that he made his point across, Akkradile resumed his incredible binge, thumping his tail happily. He felt wonderful! Finally, a chance to eat to his heart's content, knowing that there will always be more food to follow. He could picture it now, his entire kingdom overflowing with food, the people begging their king to dispose of it in the most appropriate manner. It was all thanks to the magical artifact resting on the table in front of him. Just looking at the golden relic gave him the image of a strong kingdom backed by numerous loyal citizens, all of whom needed a well-fed king to lead them. 

	Seconds turned to thirds and thirds turned to fourths as Akkradile ate without restraint, showing no signs of slowing down. The gator let out a content purr as he finished off his fifth serving of stew, looking at the rows and rows of dishes prepared just for him. He was a true king, all powerful and mighty with an endless army of food to vanquish! He was unstoppable, save for the times when he relied on his chefs to carry more food to his greedy clutches.

	However, the servants were getting a different impression from their king. With every meal he ate, his scaly stomach would stretch out further and further, his chiseled abs hiding beneath the growing dome of food. Just looking at the stretched surface made the cooks wince in pain, wondering how the king was able to continue without succumbing to the mother of all stomachaches. The only time Akkradile did slow down was to use a free claws to rubbed along the taunt gut, growling with pleasure as he could feel it fill up with more food. Unfortunately to the labored servants, this also appeared to have spurred his greed to new heights. 

	Fourths turned into fifths, fifths turned into sixths, and so forth as Akkradile slowly transformed into a scaly food balloon! His bulky arms made it difficult to reach past his looming gut, which growled and grumbled uncomfortably. Biting part of the table off earlier ended up benefiting him in the long run, seeing as how it gave his gut room to grow. With enough time, however, even that extra space ended up disappearing once his drum-taunt gut grew into it. Stretch marks soon spread throughout the massive white surface, the light pink strands growing darker and wider as they struggled to keep the king in one piece. 

	At last, after over ten servings of everything had disappeared into the king's gullet, the same otter as before stopped dead in his tracks, dropping the crumb-covered tray to the ground. "I'm sorry sir, but I can't keep watching you eat yourself to death!" He exclaimed, startling the nearby servants into doing the same. "It's been four hours since you've started feasting, and none of us can keep up with you anymore! I can't even carry a tray properly anymore because of all the times you've bitten me!"

	Issuing a terrifyingly low growl, Akkradile swallowed the rest of the bird in his mouth and looked his gut at the otter, a snarl spreading across his greasy lips. At this point, the corruption had finally made itself manifest on the massive gator, and it clearly showed. Aside from his permanently-yellowed eyes, Akkradile was practically all belly at this point, his muscular limbs appearing infantile in comparison. Food worth hundreds of meals rested inside his overgrown stomach, which churned and grumbled louder than a leaf blower, struggling to even contain such an absurd amount of edibles. The arms of the chair dug painfully into his sides, the ends of which were starting to break off from the rest of the seat, unable to hold back so much girth. His once pearly stomach was now littered with stretch marks, the pink lines quivering with every breath he took, ready to give out at a moment's notice. It was official; the once proud king had been reduced, or rather augmented, to an enormous ball of food.

	Shockingly enough, none of this phased the warped king in the slightest as he issued out another command, his voice much darker than before. "Bring me more food this instant."

	"I…I will not," the otter sternly responded, eyeing the quivering stomach like a bomb ready to go off. Seeing one of their own stand up to their greedy king, the rest of the servants quickly swarmed behind him, hiding from their king's wrath.

	"Must I make you an example of the consequences that come with defying a king?"  Akkradile sneered and flexed his arms, sending the ends of the chair flying off. 

	Realizing just how helpless their king really was, the otter looked down and grinned. "You may try."

	"You insolent whelp!" Akkradile roared with the fury of a hundred hungry stomachs, his eyes suddenly bloodshot with rage. How dare someone get in the way of his feast?! He is a king, is he not?! He shouldn't have to sit here and starve while his kingdom grew fat and lazy before him, especially seeing as how he was the one who blessed his land with the gift of eternal food! He needed something to eat and now, before he withered away right where he sat! Snarling like a rabid dog, Akkradile tried lunging forward to reach for the food himself, yet didn't budge an ounce as his stomach pressed into the table. Grunting with rage, he tried pushing himself out from the table, finding his beanbag chair of a gut was completely wedged between the chair and the table, rooting him in place. The blimped gator could feel his stomach's contents swirl around uncomfortably in his stomach, yet mistook it as the burning need to consume even more! Groaning in pain, he feebly attempted to reach past his enormous gut for something to eat, his buff arms much too small to touch anything that wasn't his gut. He was starving, and needed food now, whether it be another roasted cow or the table or even the damned otter himself! 

	"Please… help me…"

	Akkradile was suddenly alerted to the presence of the golden statue resting on his stretched stomach, it's sad eyes staring into the gluttonous drake. It looked weak and frail, the dragon shrinking to the size of his palm as it glowed faintly. "Please… take me… to where there's food…"

	"Oh, I know where there's plenty of that," Akkradile grinned as he snatched the trophy from his gut and tossed it into his maw, swallowing it without a second thought. 

	The room went silent after such a horrifying act, even Akkradile's stomach stopped gurgling, as if too repulsed to even complain about the unwanted condition. All of the servants, namely the otter, felt ready to drop to their knees in defeat as the famed idol that promised infinite wealth now resided at the bottom of their king's person-sized gut, and none of them were eager to go diving for it. Even Akkradile himself looked rather disgruntled, disappointed that the golden artifact didn't taste the least bit like cheese. 

	Suddenly, the chair beneath the massive gator had finally reached the end of its life, collapsing into a jumble of splinters beneath the heavy king. After falling onto his back with an earth-shattering thump, Akkradile began to fully realize just how helpless he was as he flailed about, trying roll back onto his feet. What would have been child's play for the beefy reptile ended up becoming an impossible challenge after eating more than his weight in pure food, struggling to even lift his back. Interestingly enough, soon that became a challenge in its own right as he slumped back down again, this time with a slightly squishier thump. His strong arms flexed and pushed, yet not even they could get him off his back a second time, the strain causing them to… jiggle? Something was off here. 

	To their surprise, the servants watched as their kings taunt, pink stomach was slowly replaced with a softer, whiter belly, which continued to swell outwards as if being pumped with cream! Akkradile's strong, defined jaw slowly rounded outwards into a flabby double chin, which folded outwards into a third chin, followed by a fourth. His muscular limbs were lost beneath layers upon layers of chub, completely hiding any signs of physical strength whatsoever. Even his well-toned rump had grown into quite the spectacle, lifting the obese king while simultaneously devouring his plump tail. At first, the otter assumed that every single morsel of food their ruler ate had been instantly digested and turned to fat, yet as he continued staring, he realized that not even that much food could make their king grow so enormously rotund!

	Akkradile let out a roar of indignation as he tried flailing his flabby limbs, sending waves of lard to ripple across his expanding body. This wasn't what he wanted at all! He demanded food, food, and nothing but food, not the after effects of too much food! Every second that went by without something edible entering his maw was an eternity of torture to the white whale, even as his stomach pressed into the ceiling and started to pancake outwards. However, just as when he felt all hope was lost, when his arm and leg rolled had swallowed up his hands and feet entirely, he found hope in the shape of a pumpkin pie come rushing down his throat! All hope had returned to Akkradile as he swallowed the pastry with gusto, ignoring the crumbs and cream smeared against his basketball-sized cheeks. He had hope at last!

	The servants, meanwhile, quickly vacated the room once they realized what was happening, and with good timing too! Akkradile grew fatter and fatter at an exponential rate as the leftover food piled itself down his muzzle. His stomach flowed throughout the room, destroying the table along with the multiple chairs situated beside it. Meanwhile, his immense blob of a rump did an effective job of lifting his head by the glass-stained window, where he could make out something that truly brought tears streaming down his fatty cheeks.

	A swarm of food, heading straight for this very room like locusts! He was saved! It didn't matter that his head was slowly being buried by the rising tide of neck flab, or if was starting to squish against the entire dining room like an overinflated water balloon (an analogy he was very familiar with), Akkradile had something to eat, something to sate the insatiable monster inside of him! Blinking back tears of joy, the blob of a reptile opened his maw as wide as his chins would allow, feeling his greed, hunger, and waistline all soar to new heights.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/21868701/