Sorry for the long gap between my stories, college is absolutely murdering me x.x

Speed write commission for  Overlai.Returns of his roo getting bored on a tour until he falls into a vat full of sugar substitute. Hi-jinks ensue. 

I hope you all enjoy! ^^



Carver finally understood what it's like to have your life flash before your eyes as he fell from the catwalk.  Yelling with fear the grey kangaroo stared at the overhead walkway he was just standing on, reaching his arms feebly in a vain attempt to climb back on. Just a second ago, he was minding his own business, touring the NutriGain facilities with several of his colleagues. To help get his degree for Biochemistry, the young marsupial took it upon himself to intern at NutriGain: a corporation aiming to replace sugary additives such as high fructose corn syrup with a healthier alternative. Over the course of several years, NutriGain had produced a variety of replacements, although whether or not they were actually healthier was debatable. Due to the bad reputation they received, it wasn't often that they would open their doors and allow guests to tour the facilities, which was why Carver immediately volunteered when he discovered they would begin hiring interns. Nobody else was nearby, and such an excellent opportunity would likely never happen again! It was just a little unfortunate for the ash-hued kangaroo when he discovered that several other college students had the same mindset as him.

	To say it was a tight squeeze walking along the catwalks would be an understatement. Carver found himself constantly wedged between various college furs like himself, the poor kangaroo's skinny physique easily pushed around by the larger students. It certainly didn't help matters that many of the students were quite overweight, making it apparent what really fueled their motivation to tour a facility aimed at producing healthy sugar alternatives. It was quite difficult to look past the clustered interns just to get a good view at the actual building he was supposed to be touring! Luckily for him, there wasn't too much to really see: A few vats full of green liquid here, some noisey metallic contraptions there, etc. It was almost blatantly obvious that NutriGain didn't have the finances to purchase any form of decoration. Even with the boring and uninteresting building interior, however, Carver found himself distracted by the lack of any color at all, save for the vats. Was it really so expensive to hire some canvassers to paint the walls? They could be hot pink, for all anyone cares, and it would still be more exciting than this dark-grey design. Heck, even Carver's body had more variety, and his fur only came in two shades of grey! So bored was he of the monochromatic color scheme of the building that he began to focus his attention on his fellow colleagues instead, since it was hard to look at anything without his view being obstructed by someone's fur or scales anyways. 

	The next minute, he found himself falling.

	While Carver was busy staring at an unnaturally blue bear, the entire group of furs quickly lurched to the left after coming to a turn in the walkway. Being slow to adapt, the ash-hued marsupial found himself pressed against the right side railing, pinned back as everyone slowly shuffled past. Fearing for his life but not wanting to cause a scene, Carver slowly pushed back, trying to gradually ease his way back into the crowd.

	Until disaster struck in the form of a massive yellow tail belonging to an obscenely obese dragonite. 

	Of course, he never meant to strike the helpless roo with his tail. When asked about it later, the hefty dragonite said he didn't even notice Carver until it was too late, possibly due to his fur color blending in with the surroundings. In any case, what happened had happened, and there certainly was no taking it back, especially for poor Carver. The frail kangaroo was swept off his feet by the flabby appendage, his entire view of the world turning rapidly as he flipped backwards off the rail, falling down… down… down…

	KERBLUK!!

	Carver let out a muffled squeak as he felt his back slam into a green gelatinous substance. Moments later, the grey kangaroo found himself sinking like a rock, the strange liquid quickly enveloping his skinny body, dragging him lower and lower. Still stunned due to the impact of falling from such a height, the damaged marsupial weakly flailed his arms and legs around, struggling to escape from his gooey confines. Caver pushed and kicked in all directions, yet he was certain that wherever he was going, it certainly wasn't up.

	A strong burning sensation in his lungs reminded the kangaroo that he needed oxygen and fast! Carver renewed his effort to escape, forcing himself to swim in a straight line instead of haphazardly pushing about. Every time he felt he was making progress, the endangered roo would end up bumping his nose against one of the metal edges, causing him to make a complete U-turn and try again. No matter how many times he rebounded from the walls, however, he would just end up at yet another barrior.

	Carver knew he was seriously in trouble as his arms and legs began slowing down on their own, each limb feeling as if pins and needles were poking away at him on the inside. Unable to think straight anymore, the kangaroo accidently released the air from his lungs, his vision growing darker as he sank towards the bottom. Even with his body now devoid of oxygen, Carver still had enough energy for one last-ditch effort for survival. Closing his eyes, the kangaroo opened his mouth and inhaled. 

	A large stream of the gooey substance quickly entered his maw as if it were a Shop-Vac, completely catching Carver off guard. His eyes shot wide open as gallons of green stuff made its way into him, miraculously rejuvenating his body with the energy it needed for survival. Grateful to avoid being on the brink of death, Carver continued to consume as much of the shockingly sweet goop as possible.

	Of course, devouring such vast quantities of a sugary addictive had its consequences. Within only a few seconds, Carver noticed a round grey object taking up a small portion of his vision. Glancing down, the kangaroo was surprised to notice that object was his stomach, once flat and trim, not a rounded sphere that was continuously growing! It stuck out 4 feet… 5 feet… 7 feet… 10 feet in front of him, a massive dome of fur and flesh, swelling at an ever increasing rate! Carver quickly learned how it felt to be a water balloon being held down beneath an open faucet, forced into expanding upwards and outwards.

	Carver's stomach, as fast as it was growing, wasn't the only part of his body that was inflating. His rear had managed to develop shockingly fast, sticking out multiple feet behind him as if to counteract his stomach. His tail, now as wide as a table, currently wrapped around the edge of his bloated buttocks, with his multiple rolls of back fat covering up a good half of the flabby appendage. Not even his arms and legs were spared from the sudden expansion, his massive thighs forcing his legs apart while his arms developed multiple folds of flab, each arm growing as round as his belly was just a moment ago.

	Carver knew he had gained enough energy from the substance to try to swim back up to the surface again, yet some strange unseen force compelled him to keep eating. No matter how hard he tried, the obese kangaroo couldn't bring himself to shut his mouth, a massive whirlpool now leading down his gullet. His arms and legs had grown too large to even bend, forcing the helpless roo into a spread eagle position. The tip of his tail was soon gone from sight after being swallowed up by the two tidal waves that were his back and ass. Carver's plump cheeks began pressing heavily against his muzzle, limiting his already reduced vision even further. The swollen ring of fat that was his neck prevented the behemoth of a marsupial to tilt his puffy head even the slightest, although he didn't need to move his head to see how far his gut was expanding. Farther and farther and farther it grew, as if it were a grey bubble being blown into. A massive, jiggly, furry bubble, full of sweet goo instead of air. Carver was actually intrigued at how far his tummy was growing; how unfortunate for him that his grapefruit-sized cheeks continued to press into his face, taking away most of his eyesight. 

	That certainly didn't stop his rate of consumption; if anything, the massive kangaroo found himself eating at an even faster rate. Carver soon felt a bit of pressure several meters in front of him as his belly brushed against the edge of the vat, followed by a similar feeling by his rear. The blob of a kangaroo let out a faint whimper as he continued to eat nonstop, feeling his squishy body pressing against the edges of the vat all around him. He thought that by now, the green substance would have ran out, and yet here he was, still growing out of control, getting completely squished as his body struggled to escape it's container. Large tears began appearing along the outside of the metal vat, with grey flab leaking out through any and every opening. Carver let out another whimper as the pressure around his body continued to build up, almost to the point where it was getting painful. He felt like an orange bei-

	KABLAAAAM!!

	Carver didn't get to finish the rest of that strange thought as he loudly burst through the container, metal shards flying everywhere. Heaving a sigh of relief, the bloated kangaroo felt grateful to have his mammoth body not stay contained in such a small space anymore. However, he quickly felt a different kind of pressure inside him: the anxiety of being the focus of everyone's attention.

	Despite not being able to turn his head, Caver felt the gazes of students and facility members alike on his body, and for good reason too! He was Immense! The flabulous roo spread out in all directions like a blanket of furry flab. His gigantic stomach spread out for as far as he could see, even if the lower half of his vision was impaired by the basketball-sized cheeks he was currently sprouting. His doughy rump extended a good 20 feet behind him as well, the edge of which was pressing against the wall of the factory. His limbs were completely lost underneath the endless folds of fat, the only sign that the marsupial ever had any arms to begin with were two sets of claws appearing towards the sides of his body. Even now, Carver's form was rocking back and forth like water in a bathtub, the motion turning the kangaroo's plump face green from seasickness, although that could also be due to the minute quantities of goop still present along his expansive body.

	Far off in the distance, Carver could feel a set of hands and legs climb onto his magnificent belly, using his belly button as a leverage. Once on top of the bloated sack of fat, the figure began wading its way through the endless sea of fur and blubber, jiggling Carver's body even more. After several minutes of this, the figure had finally gotten close enough to reveal himself to the embarrassed kangaroo: a chubby dragon-wolf hybrid wearing a white lab coat. The black and grey draolf took a moment to regain his breath before climbing onto Carver's chest, leaning against the roo's bloated neck. "How many times do we have to tell you college idiots to not sample the products during the tour?!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18046991/