A gift for  ShiverTheArticuno for her hatchday  ^-^

This is also the first story I streamed....Streaming is scary D:

I hope you like it, Shiver. Sorry it took so long DX



	Shiver was the first to spot the strange machine that appeared in front of her, the large Articuno tilted her long, feathery neck as she stared at the mechanism. “Master master! Look what I found! Look Look!” Shiver bobbed her head up and down, looking like a blue, overgrown excited pidgin. From underneath Shiver, Conner slowly walked up to the machine, the small Snivey carefully scrutinizing the contraption to the best of his ability. 

	The cylinder machine appeared with several rows of lights, each slowly flashing a dark blue color. Below the top row of lights were- “Hey look at all these pointy arrow thingies?” Shiver rudely interrupted the narrator as she pecked at the “pointy arrow thingies,” each one faced to the far left. “Weird, I have no idea what they could represent.” Connor exclaimed behind the Articuno, wondering why dials like those were on this strangely shaped machine. Each dull grey arrow faced the far left side, indicating the machine’s dormant state. Connor rubbed his paw around the base of the machine, slowly analyzing it before smiling, seeing a familiar logo. 

	“Oooooh! That makes since!” The small Snivey chuckled to himself, finally realizing what purpose the machine had. “It’s a-“ “WHAT! WHAT! WHAT DOES IT DO?!?” Before Connor could finish his sentence, an excited Shiver flew down from on top of the machine and pressed her beak against the smaller Snivey, eyes wide open. “What does it do, master? I wanna know!” Chuckling and playfully pushing the Articuno’s beak back, Connor pointed to the logo and explained, “It’s a Pokémon feeder, silly!” The Snivey hopped onto Shiver’s head to point at the logo of a battered and bruised arcanine being petted like a dog by a mechanical arm while another one brings the hurt creature a small bowl of treats. “These were made using biomechanics tissue so that the Pokéballs could store them, letting the anthros carry these heavy machines around easily. If both the anthro and the Pokémon get seriously injured in a place too far away for help, the anthro just has to click the button and the machine will pop out and feed both of them nutritious food! Amazing huh?” 

	Connor sighed, seeing Shiver still staring at the machine, not listening to a word he had said. Unbeknownst to him, however, the Articuno did hear two words: “feed” and “food”. “I want food I want food!” Shiver happily shouted, wanting to try this marvelous machine for herself. Face-pawing himself, Connor sighed and wondered around the machine, shouting behind his back. “Take a few steps back, Shiver! You’re too close for it to recognize you.” Shiver peered around the machine to look at her master before stepping a few paces back. Nodding, the Snivey pressed a large button, initiating the machine’s power up. 

	The machine slowly hummed alive, the dull blue lights suddenly flashing into a brighter light green. As each of the needles slowly raised, two mechanical arms appeared from the sides of the contraption, reaching into its storage bin, fumbling a little. Shiver bit her lips in anticipation, greedily waiting for her treat, before the robotic appendage brought out a slightly crumpled- “Caaaaaake!” The interrupting Articuno exclaimed happily, opening her wide beak. Shiver managed to grab the entire cake within her mouth and swallow it down whole, a large bulge traveling from the top of her head down to her belly. Smiling happily, the Articuno gladly opened her beak again, waiting for another pastry. As the first robotic hand grabbed for another cake, a second one started sliding out of the machine, reaching towards Shiver, the Articuno stepping back, afraid of it since it wasn’t carrying something edible. “Don’t worry!” Connor shouted, waddling next to Shiver with a calm smile. “I programmed it to give you a little massage too while you eat. It’s completely harmless.” Shiver sighed a long sigh of relief, letting the hand brush the tips of her head feathers down. “Phew, thank you, master! How long should I let the feeding machine thingy feed me?” The large Articuno asked, another wedge of strawberry cake slowly being fed into Shiver. “As long as it has food stored inside of it.” The smaller Snivey responded, sitting next to Shiver’s leg, watching with a slight smile as the machine slowly fed the blue Articuno. “I could really get used to this!” Shiver said, swallowing yet another large slice.

	Several minutes passed since Connor fixed the machine up. Shiver was in a state of complete bliss as one hand would constantly feed her several types of delicious cake by the slice to the spoiled Articuno while two other robotic hands would rub and knead at Shiver’s soft, feathery sides. Connor leaned back against Shiver and dozed slightly, happy that his Pokémon was getting the treatment she deserved. It wasn’t for a few minutes, however, until the Snivey noticed a few small things. First, the machine had started to pick up speed now, feeding Shiver a little faster than before, almost leaving her no time to chew. Second, the robot hands that were massaging the pampered Articuno started to dig in slightly into Shiver’s soft sides, the slightest movements causing her body to jiggle. One last small thing Connor noticed was how, from his viewpoint underneath the Articuno, Shiver’s belly started to look a little closer to the ground. “Hey Shiver?” Connor asked the spoiled Articuno, who was still in a very relaxed state from the robot hands massaging all around her plump sides. “Hmmm?” Shiver responded, her beak still filled with cake (chocolate this time). “I think you’ve had enough cake for a while, hun. Why don’t we head back to the island and start training some more and get some exercise in, alright?” Shiver looked down in between her legs, making her wider neck jiggle slightly before sighing slightly. “Well, if you say so master… Can we comeback soon, though? I like this machine lots!” Connor smiled at how cute and energetic his Articuno sounded despite the massages and the nice food. “Well, maybe sometime, yea, we can – oof!!” 

	Shiver squawked in surprise as a fourth robotic arm suddenly zipped out of the machine and caught the small Snivey, too fast for any of them to react. “ERROR! TWO INJURED POKÉMON DETECTED, INITIALYZING DOUBLE TREATMENT!” The machine’s artificial voice boomed out as two more arms flew out and grabbed Shiver’s legs, completely immobilizing her. “M-master! What’s going on?” She stammered out as she tried flying away, her entire blue and purple body jiggling and rippling from the extra layer of fat she put on from the feeding. “I don’t know!” The trapped Snivey replied, struggling to get his arms free from the infernal contraption’s tight grip. “I thought I programmed it to only feed you for a few minutes, but it must be malfunctioning. It sees me as an injured Pokémon as well!” Connor watched in awe as two robotic hands reached into its storage and brought out two pieces of cake, Shiver’s slice much larger than Connor’s, and started feeding them forcefully to their respective captives.

	Shiver squawked several times and tried freezing the robotic appendages, but to little avail. The robot must be designed to be impervious to all kinds of Pokémon attacks, Connor thought to himself as a large slice nearly as big as his head crammed its way into his maw. Chocking down the chocolate pastry, the Snivey grit his teeth, seeing the arm quickly reach back and bring him another slice, forcing that down his throat as well. It wasn’t long before he, too, started swelling up, his once slender frame now looking rounder and more doughy, his muzzle looking shorter and more pig-like compared with his fattening, plum-sized cheeks. Connor felt the machine’s grip on him loosen up a little from his fat, rotund belly start to squish more and more against it, some of his rolls even getting forced in between the mechanical hand’s fingers. The chubby Snivey blushed bright red in embarrassment as he soon became too fat for one hand alone to hold him, forcing the hand to drop Connor with a *plop* onto his round back. Connor grunted and tried getting off his back, looking like a turtle trying to roll back onto his legs. However, from the way the Snivey’s large belly stood out, it would be impossible for him to walk on all four legs again without his belly pushing them off the ground. Turning his fat neck over, he lazily munched on one of the slices of cake as he watched Shiver grow just as fast.

	The Articuno yelled and tried snapping at the hand which was feeding her. Every time she attempted that, however, the machine would only tighten its grip upon shiver and pull her wings and legs farther apart, restricting her movement more and more. Eventually, Shiver had to submit to the machine, letting her limbs go limp in defeat. The feeding machine, seeing this opportunity, grabbed an entire red velvet cake and shoved it down the Articuno’s throat, her body thickening a few inches wider. Shiver’s eyes grew wide at the lovely taste and opened her mouth again, wanting the machine to give her even more of whatever she just tasted. The machine relinquished its hold on Shiver and started massaging her instead as she submitted herself to the cake, devouring entire cakes in one bite. The Articuno’s greedy habits caused her weight gain to skyrocket, however, as she put on pound after pound, her belly slowly sagging lower and lower to the ground, her face looking less like an avian and more like several rolls of fat squishing together. Shiver murred and let her eyes flutter shut as the mechanical arms continued with the massage, grabbing entire chunks of her back fat and kneading them roughly but smoothly. Connor watched in amazement as the Articuno’s large belly now sagged to the floor, pressing against her wide legs, the bulges in her neck starting to get less and less noticeable from the additional layers of neck fat before it vanished completely. Before Connor could say anything, however, he was picked up again by two robot hands, being cradled like an obese baby fur. “Hey, put me down!” Connor shouted, still laying uselessly on his back before more slices of cake started cramming themselves into his maw, forcing him to watch his belly grow larger and larger, obscuring more of his view. The obese Snivey watched as his advancing fat started swallowing up the two hands holding him, forcing a third hand to hold him up, then a fourth hand, then a fifth hand! Connor was almost as big and round as an Ivysaur, his body looking like a saggy, squishy blob. The robotic hands were almost all completely covered in his foot long wall of blubber. Simply put, he was massive. Connor blushed in embarrassment as one of the hands from beneath him snapped, forcing his fat body to ooze out from in between the hand’s grasp like the blob he was. Belching loudly, he yet again turned his head towards Shiver…and nearly dropped his jaw.

	Shiver was MASSIVE by this point. Her legs no longer useful anymore as the obese Articuno now lay completely on her belly, several arms tending living room-sized belly while two of them fed her entire pieces of German Chocolate Cake. Shiver’s once long, slender neck was now a short, stumpy neck, too fat even for her to move it. The immense Articuno didn’t seem to mind, however, that her legs were slowly being engulfed completely by her advancing wave of blubber. Shiver seemed more intent on stuffing her fat beak with as much cake as possible, getting frosting and crumbs all over her fat cheeks. With each passing moment, Shiver seemed to have risen another inch or so from her incredible belly. Finally, after Shiver let out a slight belch, the robotic hands froze in place for a moment before retracting inside, the machine emitting a soft whirl.

	“Aww, no more cake?” Shiver whimpered, rubbing the sides of her flabby tummy with her bloated wing. “Well it’s about dang time!” Connor yelled, his legs and arms completely engulfed in belly, only his paws and muzzle visible. “How was that feeder able to hold so many cakes?” Connor asked himself, trying to move his fat, pillow shaped body. Normally those machines can’t even hold a fraction of the cake that Shiver ate alone, so how was this one different? 

	Without warning, the feeding machine suddenly whirled to life, the light green buttons suddenly turning into a dark red. “CODE RED! POKEMON INTERNAL TEMPERATURE DECREASING!! MUST ACTIVATE WEIGHT GAIN TUBE FOR POKEMON TO SUSTAIN NORMAL TEMPERATURE!” Connor’s eyes widened. “Weight gain tube? What is this thing talking about?” Neither Shiver nor Connor felt a cold “internal temperature.” In fact, both Pokémon felt pretty warm and slightly sweaty from all the layers of padding both of them had gained. Two small tubes suddenly sprouted out of the machine, each of them shoving themselves into each Pokémon’s maw. “mmmph!!” Connor mumbled, unable to reach the tube with his fat arms. Shiver squeaked and tried to pull on her tube as well, her thick wing not able to come close to her head.

	Both tubes started filling up with a strange, cream-colored substance that flowed into both Pokémon’s maws. Connor watched in horror as he was, yet again, forced to eat something, his belly bloating up higher and higher and higher before his very eyes! He must have put on a few pounds in less than a minute! (Which is quite shocking, given the Snivey’s previous size.) To his right, he saw Shiver start to inflate just as rapidly, her belly forcing the Articuno to rise higher and higher, her lard spilling out far around, making her look like a smooshed sphere. Connor closed his eyes, feeling his cheeks start to press against his muzzle, slowly slipping into a food coma.

	Denya chuckled to himself as he walked from behind the machine, looking at the two blobs before him. “So, did you guys enjoy the machine I made especially for you?” The dragowolf strutted around the two massive blimps, letting his dragonian tail wag happily, as he took in the scene before him. Connor had blimped up to nearly the size of a Charizard, his arms, legs, paws, even most of his head were engulfed in soft, squishy lard. Walking closer, the dragowolf perked an hear up be what he assumed was the obese Snivey’s head. “I’m sorry, what was that? You’re fifth chin is making you sound less clear.” Denya chortled, hearing a deep sigh resound from inside the spherical Snivey before hearing Connor’s muffled voice again. “So it was YOU who did this? You were the one who constantly filled the machine’s memory banks with more and more food?!?” Denya smiled and nodded, blushing slightly as if he were being praised instead of questioned. “You bet! I told you my computer class would come in handy one day! I reprogrammed that machine to continue stuffing your fat little faces until it ran out. Clever huh?” 

	The ground suddenly shook, forcing the chubby dragowolf to stumble and fall on Connor, sinking into his abundant blubber as if he were a giant bean bag chair. “Wow…what do we have here?!?” Looking up, he could barely see Shiver’s fat face; her belly had grown so unbelievably fat that she now was taller than a house. Inside her belly rolls, Denya could see several bits and pieces of ripped off mechanical arms, assuming that they were trying to massage Shiver before her rolls grew too heavy for the machine. Using his wings to fly up, Denya landed in front Shiver’s head, sinking into her flab all the way to his fat belly. “Dang! Did you put on weight or what?” The goliath Articuno blushed and smiled a little. Seeing the face of a familiar friend was calming, even if the same friend was the one who force fed her into such size. Shiver’s stomach, however, was the only thing that wasn’t calm as it grumbled again, shaking the entire land like an earthquake, her fat jiggling like mini tsunamis on her ocean of a belly. Smiling, Denya flew off of Shiver and grabbed a paint can filled with frosting, using a brush to write out “HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHIVER!!” All over the gigantic Articuno’s belly. Shiver smiled, deep set dimples forming in her large chubby cheeks. “Awwww, thank you… but why did you paint that with frosting?

	“Isn’t it obvious?” Denya said as he flew up next to Shiver’s head, his voice dropping half an octave, looking much more mischievous than before. 

	“I love dipping my food in a bit of frosting~”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9769159/