Yay i posted something ^^ my new year's resolution is to write more often for you fatties.

 Malex_Wolf find's himself lost in a forest until he stumbles upon a gingerbread house and find's himself under a spell, not that ANYONE would want to put a spell on the poor skinny wolf that forces him to eat everything in sight, gaining several thousand pounds.... >.>

Hope you like it Malex, sorry it took so long!


===================================================================================


*huff huff huff* Hey guys! *Wheeze* wait up! *cough cough* 

	Malex called out aimlessly, trying to catch the group’s attention. Unfortunately, to the out-of-shape grey wolf’s misfortune, the jogging party continued on without him, leaving poor Malex out of breath, out of energy, and out of hope. Malex, a light grey wolf with white ear tips and tail tip, was taught, ever since he was a pup, to eat healthy and work out daily to maintain a well-toned body. This means, however, that the skinny pup was NOT allowed to be near anything with even a trace of sugar, trans fat, carbs, or anything of the sort. Malex remembered begging constantly just for a taste of a candy or treat, but each of his requests was dismissed by his strict parents. Deprived of such sweets, Malex grew up to be a slightly-skinny wolf that, on his off-time, enjoyed hanging out with friends. It was just his luck that those same friends enjoyed being skinny almost as much as his parents, and would devote themselves to exercising daily. The only way to get them all together was with a large jogging party, just like this one. Malex used to be one of the best at jogging, always taking the lead while leaving everyone in the dust. Although recently, Malex started struggling to maintain his lead role in the jogging party, and even started falling behind everyone else. The lithe wolf was horrified, how could he lose his alpha wolf status! As time went on, Malex continued to slow down more and more, members of the pack slowly catching up to him until today, where they started to ditch him completely.

“Guys! *pant pant* please come back!! *huff huff!*” it was no use; they were simply too far ahead. Malex watched with dread as everyone slowly disappeared from view. Malex made a mad dash, using his remaining strength to catch up to the pack, but an exposed tree root foiled that plan when Malex struck his foot hard against it, sending him sprawling onto the dirt road. The skinny wolf laid there on his belly, heaving in large mouthfuls of air. What was wrong with him? What could have happened that would cause him to lose his place in the front of the pack? He would give anything to have the feeling of everyone watching him. “Please! Someone help!!” Malex was close to tears now, his legs not responding. “I wish I was noticed by everyone!!” A single tear leaked out from the grey wolf’s left eye, slowly making its way down his long muzzle before diving off onto the ground. This wasn’t fair….

Malex’s eyes widen as a sudden large burst of wind came rolling in, the fur under his loose shirt ruffling heavily. To his surprise, the frail wolf felt himself slowly sliding back. Malex tried to look up but the dusk flew into his eyes, making it nearly impossible to see. “Wh-what’s happeni-“a loud BOOM was heard, the force of the BOOM sending Malex flying far back into another tree, leaving him dazed.

Several minutes went by until Malex finally woke up, a throbbing headache pounding in his skull. Feeling the back of his head, the bruised wolf found a small bump forming. “Oh man, what happened earlier? ….uh….was that there earlier?” Malex whipped his eyes, trying to wipe out all the crazy in them but to no use, as the object was still in front of him. A large brown life-sized gingerbread house stood in front of the dazed wolf, complete with frosting on the roof and gumdrops on the front yard. A gentle breeze wafted forward from the candied house, a strong smell of sweets, candies, and other yummy smells made their way into Malex’s nose, his small stomach growling louder than he had ever heard before. “Huh, never saw something like that before.” Holding a paw to his grumbling stomach, the curious wolf slowly walked onto the lawn (which crunched from under his feet, the grass turning out to be made of sugar) and slowly made his way to the door. Grabbing and twisting the candied doorknob slowly, Malex peaked his muzzle inside slowly, looking around. “Hello? Anyone home? I don’t mean to be rude, but your house almost gave me a concussion earlier, because it made me fly into a tree and all.” 

The inside of the gingerbread appeared to have been made out of, well, candy! Everything, from the large window panes to the smallest thread on the couches, appeared to be made out of some sort of edible material. Walking around, Malex accidently grabbed a vase and started eating it, not noticing what he was doing at all. “Dang, whoever lives here must be a REALLY out-of-shape fur” Malex said to himself after finishing off the vase, proud of how skinny he is for once. Feeling his stomach grumble again, the skinny wolf made his way to the middle of the room, a staircase leading to the second floor of the house stood in front of Malex. “Wow, I’ve never seen a weirder place for stairs in my life!” Malex explained before deciding to slowly wonder up there, following the delicious scent.

Malex’s jaw nearly dropped off its hinges at the sight that laid before him. Ribs, sausages, ham, turkey, chicken, and more delicious meats all spread out on a large buffet table. “Holy moley! There must be enough food here to feed 10 of me!” Malex’s stomach groaned louder than ever, obviously aware of the food’s presence from the delicious aroma wafting into Malex’s nostrils. “Why am I so hungry all of a sudden? It’s not like I’m just gonna walk into a stranger’s house (even if it is a house made of candy, god this story makes no sense) and eat their food!” The starving wolf’s empty stomach let out another grumble, this one almost hurting Malex. “Well, one little bite couldn’t hurt, right? No one is gonna notice one missing sausage.” Without further ado, Malex quickly grabbed the nearest, plumpest sausage and devoured it in one bite.

Malex’s eyes widened, not expecting a flavor like THAT. The sausage had a warm, tender, juicy flavor, sending Malex’s taste buds on a wild ride. “That…was awesome!” Malex said to himself, the skinny wolf’s stomach growling loudly again, craving more of those scrumptious sausages. “Well, maybe a FEW more wouldn’t hurt.” He said out loud to himself, his paws making their way to the plateful of sausages. Plopping the second meaty treat into his maw, Malex’s eyes fluttered shut briefly, savoring the taste. It wasn’t long before another one made its way into the skinny wolf’s maw, followed by another one, and another, and another. Malex couldn’t help himself now as he stuffed his maw silly with sausages, some grease moistening his lips and muzzle. It wasn’t long before the entire plateful of sausages completely disappeared into the grey wolf’s stomach. “Mmmmm that was delicious!” Malex spoke to himself as he pat his gut… and, instead, felt padding where his skinny stomach used to be. “What the heck is this?” The not-so-skinny wolf said questioningly, lifting his shirt up to get a better view. Sure enough, a little bulge appeared around the middle of his belly. Horrified, Malex poked it gently, feeling it jiggle barely. “H-how is that even possible?” Malex exclaimed, also realizing his ribs aren’t as defined as they used too. “I’m getting out of here before I gain even more weight.” The grey wolf said, walking away from the table. 

Poor wolf didn’t make it half way to the door before the real spell came over him…

Malex immediately sprinted back to the table, his eyes dilated completely as if under the influence of a powerful drug. Without warning he dug into another plateful of ham, disregarding the use of silverware (which was just made out of gingerbread and frosting….which he devoured as well), manners, or self-consciousness.  As a third serving of ham disappeared into his gullet, however, did Malex look like he was starting to gain. The grey wolf’s little bulge turned into a full on gut, his ribcage slowly disappearing under his increasing layers of flab. Malex quickly moved on from the ham to the ribs, chewing furiously at the meat. The hunger-crazed wolf didn’t even feel his clothing getting tighter, nor his arms and legs packing on a significant amount of lard, causing them to jiggle from the slightest movement. The fattening wolf’s shirt started to ride up as well, his hefty belly beginning to show through. Nothing was gonna stop Malex, however. He was an eating machine! The tubby wolf started to increase his consumption rate, eating all the ribs, then the turkey, then the chicken, all while his stomach worked overtime, metabolizing the food directly into fat. 

Malex’s stride soon turned into a waddle as he continued to walk around the table, sampling it’s goods. It wasn’t long before the grey wolf’s belly started smooshing heavily against the table whenever he leaned in to grab something; so much, in fact, that he had to actually eat part of the table to reach his meal. Unbeknownst to Malex, however, were the loud creaking noises erupting from the floor under him, threatening to collapse at any moment. Soon the entire buffet was inside the fat wolf’s large belly, sticking out at least 3 feet. “Oh man, that was so good! But I’m still so hungry!!” Malex exclaimed, reaching for the table and picking it up using amazing strength for a wolf of his state. Opening his maw wide, the greedy wolf started shoving the table whole into him, his belly swelling outwards. 4 feet…. 5 feet…6 feet. The floor behind Malex creaked even louder, starting to splinter under the obese wolf’s insane weight gain. The spherical wolf continued to work at the table, his fat belly swelling up past 8 feet, his stomach churning and grumbling, digesting the gingerbread right away into pure soft lard. 

With a satisfied belch, Malex finally finished the large table, his humongous gut nearly 10 feet in diameter! It was a wonder the obese wolf could even move. “Phew, that *urp* table really *belch* tied that meal together! Now if only *hic* I had something to drink *urp!* Malex tried lifting his bloated leg, still somewhat unobservant of his recent weight gain. The floor, however, couldn’t handle the weighty wolf to shift all that fat around so much and finally collapsed under him. 

The fat wolf yelped as he dropped, his wide ass blocking his decent. Malex looked around, suddenly realizing just how amazingly fat he grew in such a short period of time. “Oh dang…that’s gonna take a few laps to work off.” Another loud CRUNCH could be heard as the fat wolf dropped another half foot, his massive belly now blocking his drop. As the floor continued to break under Malex’s weight, it continued dropping him, shoving his own belly roughly against his face. The fat wolf was blind as his own gut covered nearly his entire head, lost in a sea of fat. A particularly loud snap could be heard before dropping the whale of a wolf onto his back, his massive, furry dome sloshing and rolling back and forth for over 5 minutes. 

Groaning, Malex leaned his head forward, squishing his chins against his neck fat, before almost bumping his head against a chocolate pipe. The greedy wolf’s strong, gluttonous desires kicked into over drive again. Without a second thought, Malex clamped his jaws at the end of the pipe, licking the dark chocolate inside. As if placed under a spell, the fat wolf began sucking at the pipe greedily. A wave of liquid chocolate made its way past Malex’s maw, flowing straight into his already massive gut. Malex murred, his face showing pure bliss while his wagging tail slowly disappearing underneath his advancing butt. As the obese wolf chugged, his body continued to transform the chocolate straight into pure adipose, forcing lard to appear all over his arms, legs, face, and, most of all, belly. Malex murred and sank his paws deeply into his 12ft wide gut, feeling it wobble and swell right before his eyes. Being skinny was such a pain in the ass, Malex thought to himself. What’s the point of being skin and bones when you can actually become something so enormously fat and squishy? He was gonna get as big and fat as possible, just to prove to the world how awesome it was to be like this. 

While he was in the midst of thinking to himself, Malex didn’t even realize how big he was getting. At almost 20ft wide, he could defiantly be described as enormous, a lard ball of a wolf. Malex felt his fat frame widen to the point where it started squishing against the walls, trying to force itself out. Malex murred, watching his fat body squish against the entire room, some of it even covering his fat face while he drinks the chocolate. From the ceiling, one could see a giant grey, fluffy sea of fat and belly rise higher and higher before even the ceiling was covered by Malex’s ginormous gut. It was at that minute, unfortunately, that the chocolate syrup ran out, leaving behind a morbidly obese wolf who completely filled the 20’ by 20’ by 40’ room’s dimensions, leaving not an inch of space unoccupied by fat. 

Malex growled happily while squeeze and groping his squishy, pillow sized moobs, feeling like a true predator at this size. There was nothing even remotely close to his size. Smiling wide, the overfed lupine gave his gargantuan belly a good shaking, tons and tons of wolf flab sloshing and rolling around, making the walls creak. However, a deep craving from Malex told him he wanted more! He wanted to be seen from miles around, not trapped in this small room! Without hesitation, the morbidly obese wolf bit off the chocolate pipe and swallowed it whole, the entire room creaking from the increased belly size. Grinning greedily, Malex ate the rest of the pipe before sinking his fangs into the gingerbread wall, adding several more pounds to his body. As he ate, the fat wolf felt himself getting heavier and heavier, growing more and more dense as his belly pushed against the walls and ceiling, looking for an opening to squeeze itself through. Malex heard a loud cracking noise, followed by a strong sense of relief as if he finally went to the restroom after watching a 2 hour movie, assuming his huge gut broke through the ceiling, finally, and is now resting in the kitchen where he ate earlier. “That’s a start, but I have to get even bigger!” Malex exclaimed, tearing off another large chunk of gingerbread.

What went on for the next hour could be considered as a massive fattening fest. Over the course of several minutes, Malex slowly devoured the entire gingerbread house whole. The blob of a wolf’s stomach went from 25 feet wide to 30…35….40 feet, his moobs growing bigger than a bean bag chair, all of his chins blending together as they completely covered up his neck fat. Malex didn’t have any effort in eating the house either; he just laid back and kept his large maw opened while parts of the broken house fell into his maw bit by massive bit. It was as if someone was hand-feeding him. Soon the entire house resided in Malex’s belly, and boy, what a belly it was! Reaching over 80 feet long and having more rolls than a French bakery, Malex’s gut could be considered a national landmark. Under that ocean of blubber laid a very satisfied and VERY fat wolf, murring loudly while playing with his obesity. Malex smiled, deep-set dimples appearing in his humongous cheeks as he wrapped his thick arms around as much belly as possible, thinking the loud sloshing noise emitting from his gut could be heard from miles and miles away. Away from the boring, skinny lifestyle of any other fur, Malex could now start his life over again the way he felt it should always be: morbidly obese.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9595425/