Five chapters in and the main characters finally gain weight. Is this a crappy fat fur story or what?

Ty and Callum have been enjoying their new lives at San-D. They found joy in everything, whether it's trying the cooking, gathering the produce, enjoying the feasts, and meeting new friends to eat with. However, little did they know that their simple life was about to change dramatically.

I hope you all enjoy!



	Callum sighed as he sat outside the decayed house, his head resting on his hands. He didn't mean to go berserk in front of his friend, a stranger, and especially poor little Toon. The grey dragon only lived in this town for three hours and yet he completely lost his temper due to a random stranger.  Not only that, but he was certain that he was shouting loud enough for the entire street to hear him. Talk about awful first impressions. 

	"Oh well, at least it wasn't all bad," Callum thought to himself as he looked down the road. Several houses down, he could see Toon running up and down the sidewalk, giggling maniacally as he chased several furs around. Naturally, the 'playmates' were a little reluctant to join the rambunctious little hatchling in his game, fearing the pudgy green and red dragon's playful wrath. Callum even found himself chuckling as he watched a young lioness let out a girlish squeak once Toon targeted her.

	"Hey, you left me in quite an awkward situation back there."

	Callum blinked and sat upright at the sound of a familiar voice. Turning around, he smiled as he noticed Ty standing in the doorway, looking flustered yet not unhappy. "Oh, hey. Sorry about what I said earlier, I let my emotions get the better of me," he admitted, patting the spot next to him. 

	Nodding his head, Ty sat next to the grey dragon. "That's alright, I was about to deck that guy myself, actually," the blue lizard chuckle, rubbing his fist before continuing. "Although, I do have to say, what you did in there was very uncharacteristic of you. I've never seen you so much as frown, let alone scream in anger like that."

	The grey drake blushed and scratched the back of his head awkwardly, apologizing yet again. "Yeah, I'm really sorry about that. He reminded me of what my father would say to me all the time."

	Ty nodded his head slowly, understanding how Callum felt… before doing a double take. "Wait, your dad?! T-then that means-"

	"Yup!" Callum faced the surprised reptile and grinned. "I'm starting to get my memory back!"


	"That's awesome, man!" the blue lizard exclaimed as he leapt onto his feet, hopping from foot to foot excitedly. "I was so worried we would never remember our past lives! I hope I get mine back soon, too. Do you think I need to get really pissed off to get my memory back like you?"

	Callum chuckled and slowly rose to his feet, patting his friend's back cheerfully. "Heheh, I doubt it. Stinkybu- I mean, Wooly's talk about growing fat and useless was something my dad used to say all the time, so that's how I recovered my memory.  Maybe you just have to wait until someone says a phrase that somebody you knew in your past said often." the slate-toned dragon suggested.

	Easing out of his excitement, Ty nodded his head slowly. "Yeah, you're probably right." With a shrug, he pointed towards the large building that served as a mess hall. "C'mon, let's go talk to Eric so he can assign us jobs." 

	"Right behind ya!" Callum responded eagerly as he followed his sky-blue buddy down the street, smiling widely. Aside from his slightly-bloodied paw, the grey dragon showed absolutely no signs at all that he was recently screaming at the top of his lungs at someone else. While he knew what he did was wrong and that he would have to go back and apologize to Wooly, Callum couldn't help but feel much better than earlier when he was sitting on the sidewalk. "I guess a little company can really change your perspective on life," he thought eagerly as he recalled how fast his mood changed once he saw Ty sat next to him. 

	Unbeknownst to them, as unseen figure was carefully viewing them from behind one of the buildings, eyeing their every move… 



	Due to being the lightest inhabitants in the entire village, Callum and Ty were assigned the role of "Tree-Hopper." Because most "normal" furs can't even climb the trees without breaking every branch along the way (Toon can make it almost halfway up before the boughs start to snap), the two thin reptiles would ascend to the tops of the trees, tossing down any ripe fruits that are otherwise inaccessible. With their tough scales and slender bodies, both tree-hoppers were able to enjoy their new job without any thorns or dead branches poking at them. It was simple work, but they enjoyed it immensely, nonetheless. 

	At the end of the day was when all of that hard work really paid off. Once the sun began to set, everyone in the entire village would crowd into the mess hall, their pudgy bellies rumbling as they wait in line to be served their dinner. While the harvesters gathered up the fruits and veggies, the chefs toiled away all day, mixing and matching different ingredients to form a wide variety of different refreshments to serve the gatherers, as well as prepare a massive banquet at the end of the day. It certainly was something to look forward to, and it quickly became Ty and Callum's favorite part of the day, not just because it gave them a chance to unwind and socialize with the fellow townsmen, but mainly because the food was just that good! Apple turnovers, oven-roasted pizzas, vegetable soup, thawed out turkeys, and more were served daily at the mess hall. Whether it was a pre-packaged meal or a freshly made supper, anything and everything the chefs made were bound to be irresistible. For many days to come, the two reptiles couldn't stifle their grinning faces or wagging tails as they bounded to the mess hall with Tyrex, a rotund blue and white dragon who would catch the fruit that Ty and Callum would drop.

	"So then I said: of course you're fat! I'm not gonna sugar coat it, 'cause you'd eat that too!" 

	Callum and Ty roared with laughter as their draconian friend told another zinger, their chortling resounding around the entire building. Seeing as how they were the loudest table in the mess hall, the three scalies struggled to keep their voices down, not wanting to annoy their fellow villagers. Of course, that plan quickly failed as Ty accidently let out a comical snort, causing the other two drakes to bust out giggling yet again. The various stares and glares the three lightheaded buffoons were given only added more fuel to the fire, with none of them able to control themselves. 

	After several more minutes of chuckling, Ty eventually spoke up. "Eheheh, we should, heh, try and act decent for once, heehee. We'll get kicked out again if we keep this up." 

	Still holding a claw over his muzzle in case of another outburst, Tyrex nodded his head in agreement. "Ahaha, yeah, you're right. You guys laughed so hard, you nearly blew your pies across the room!"

	The thought of losing his favorite dish caused Callum to quickly sober up, the grey dragon looking as if he saw someone fell down a flight of stairs. "Oh, I hope not! That'd be awful! I'd be really embarrassed if I had to go ask for thirds again!"

	The look on the innocent slate-hued dragon's face caused Tyrex to burst out laughing yet again, his bulging stomach wobbling with mirth. "Ahahaha! I'm sure you could do without your daily three helpings of pie, although I can see it's clearly grown on you two"

	Both Ty and Callum exchanged glances and nodded guiltily, a pair of smiles plastered on their muzzles, and who could blame them? Deeper'n'ever pie was one of the greatest culinary inventions in the past several centuries! Add in PRO-duced raspberries, blackberries, cherries, peaches, and strawberries into a pan with premade piecrust, and roast it over a warm fire to create the holy grail of desserts, guaranteed to win over anyone's heart and stomach. 

	With three large meals a day, a large banquet with Deeper'n'ever pie, and various opportunities to snack on fruits, it was little wonder that Callum and Ty managed to pack on some pounds. With every day that passed, their scaly stomachs bulged and rounded out just a tad bit more, completely hiding their once-frail physiques. Their arms and legs bulked out with muscle from all of their labor, although they retained quite a bit of soft pudge to cover it up. Their angular chins and jaws rounded out ever so slightly, with a slight second chin forming underneath their chubby muzzles. In every way possible, the two reptiles had grown rounder and softer all over, making it difficult to tell they were once on the verge of starvation. Tyrex even suggested multiple times that the chubby duo should grab a new job, due to the tree limbs bending at dangerous intervals lately.

	Having been reminded of their weight gain, Callum smirked and patted his potbelly proudly, while Ty gripped a roll of flab apprehensively. "I knew we'd start gaining weight after living here, but I didn't think we'd grow so pudgy so quickly. Is this normal?"

	Tyrex shrugged his broad shoulders, thinking for a moment. "Well, every single one of us has been fat ever since we were kids, so I've never seen what a 'normal' person looks like until you two showed up. Just think of it as an initiation of sorts. You're now becoming one of us!" the grey and blue dragon grinned, before leaning close and gesturing behind him with his thumb, dropping his voice to a whisper. "Besides, at least you two aren't as big as Stinky Butt there."

	Looking over the dragon's shoulder, Ty and Callum spotted Wooly sitting at one of the tables towards the far back, eating a small bowl of vegetable stew with two lions sitting across from him. Although he wasn't smiling, the massive mammoth certainly looked much less moody than before, even if his colossal stomach was painfully wedged between the table and his considerable thighs. Surprisingly, Wooly was actually enjoying a conversation with the two lions, although it was easy to see the felines weren't too keen on the mammoths stench based on how frequently they twitched their noses. "I'm actually impressed he's allowing himself to be shown in public," Ty remarked as he turned to Callum, his muzzle stained purple from the Deeper'n'ever pie. "What you said must have really gotten through to him. He's been pretty active and social with everyone, even if he needs help moving from place to place."

	"I agree with ya, Ty. Callum is one awesome miracle worker. Now if only we could teach Stinky Butt to bathe properly," Tyrex snickered, swishing his paw in front of his nose comically. Chuckling awkwardly, Callum nodded and lowered his gaze, staring at his empty plate. While he knew Tyrex didn't mean to be rude, he couldn't help but think that remarks like that were what made Wooly a shut-in in the first place. Right now, the chubby grey dragon was tempted to walk over to the mammoth and give him another hug and apology, as he had done multiple times before.

	Before he could get up, Tyrex smiled innocently and leaned forward, his fat tummy pressing against the wooden table. "So, are you two planning on helping anyone else fix their life problems?"

	Grateful to change the subject, Callum nodded his head and smiled back. "You bet we are! Ty and I are actually planning to travel to the launch site where the people left Earth. We're hoping to see if we can find a way to contact them, so we escape the planet along with everyone else!" he exclaimed eagerly, taking a deep sip of strawberry cordial after he finished speaking. 

	Out of the corner of his eye, Callum noticed a shape quickly leave the room, although he couldn't pinpoint who. 

	"What?! Are you serious?" Tyrex exclaimed, his jaw dropping to the floor. Noticing more pairs of eyes fall on them, the blue and white dragon lowered his voice to a whisper and tried again. "That's, like, halfway across the friggin planet! There's no way you could make it. There's too many R.U.Ns out there, you'd be immobile in a month!"

	The idea of growing so fat that quickly was not a welcome one to Ty, the sky-blue lizard biting his lip anxiously as he looked down at the amount of pudge that already accumulated around his midsection. Callum, on the other paw, didn't look quite a distressed. "Yeah, we figured there'd be some risks, but we're not gonna let that stop us. It should be a fun journey, aside from the force-feeding robots."

	"Well, I hope there isn't a R.U.N who'll stuff you with Deeper'n'ever pie, or else he would have to hide from you instead," Tyrex teased playfully, bringing forth another fit of laughter at their table. Grinning and leaning back in his chair, the blue drake continued with his joke. "I can just see it now: the terrified expression of a poor metal wolf as he runs through an abandoned ally, with a lumbering grey whale-of-a-dragon in pursuit. Just as the R.U.N thinks he's outran the crazed predator, a massive blue blob of scales and blubber rolls in front of him, snatching up the terrified robot canine an-"

	BAAAAAANG!!!

	Nearly everyone in the room jumped out of their chairs in shock as the loud explosion bombarded their eardrums. Anxious babbling quickly filled the mess hall as the chubby furs got up and ambled around nervously, searching frantically for the source of the noise. Soon, the group of furs began to filter towards the doorway, crowding it with their bulk as they hurriedly struggled past each other. 

	"Blimey, what the hell was that?" Ty asked loudly, his ears ringing painfully from the explosion. Not quite understanding what was happening either, Callum stood up and searched the area, looking for any damage that could have occurred from the explosion. While he didn't notice any destruction in the area, the grey drake certainly saw something that spooked him.

	"Oh no… don't tell me he's here…" Tyrex whispered fearfully, his normally cheerful demeanor completely replaced with one of sheer terror. Before Callum could asked the startled dragon who "he" was, Tyrex leapt from his seat and bolted towards the doorway, disappearing amidst the sea of frightened villagers. Exchanging a disgruntled look with each other, the two confused reptiles quickly hurried after their dragon friend.

	Once they had reached the doorway, Callum and Ty were immediately swallowed up by hefty furs on all sides, shoving and pushed them together mercilessly. It was a desperate struggle just to try to keep up with everyone; stopping for just a moment resulted in being aggressively shoved by a large furry gut, or ramming into a voluptuous rear. For the moment, Ty was actually thankful for the weight he gained throughout his week of living in the village; any skinnier and he was certain he would have been knocked over and trampled to death. 

	After bumping into the same panicked rhino for possibly the fourth time in a row, Ty and Callum ultimately found relief as the crowd began to spread out. Somehow, they managed to make it through the doorway during their fit of jostling around. Glad to finally regain his personal space, Ty met up with his draconian friend, who was rubbing his nose sorely. "What do you think is going on? Are we under attack?"

	Callum shook his head as he continued to hold his muzzle, his snout turning a hideous purple after banging it painfully against the doorway. "I doubt it. I don't see any smoldering craters or any other signs of damage," he explained in a slightly nasally voice. 

	"But I totally heard an explosion!" Ty exclaimed, ignoring the ringing in his ears. Before he could go into any detail, the chubby lizard noticed the atmosphere quickly grew tense as everyone stopped talking at once. Turning around to assess the situation, Ty's jaws dropped as they saw where everyone was staring.

	Down the street, roughly 20 feet away from where the villagers stood, was Rawe, the powerfully built white wolf that assaulted Callum and Ty when they tried to enter San-D a week ago.

	And he was standing next to a chubby tiger R.U.N.

	"Raaaaawe!!" A booming voice shot out from the middle of the crowd. Soon, Eric busted through the congregation of villagers and charged straight for Rawe, the obese chieftain moving surprisingly fast given his size. Sensing the imposing danger, the strong wolf flinched, but stood his ground as Eric quickly caught up to him. "What have you done?! You should know the punishment for leading a R.U.N to our village is banishment! I won't forgive anyone who endangers my people!" the icy-blue dragon roared, his chubby face contorted with anger.

	Folding his arms across his buff chest, Rawe smiled coolly as he looked up at his chief. "Why should I believe the words of a liar and a coward? Whereas you're too soft and frightened to tell your villagers the truth, I've gone out and solved your problem for you, as how a real leader should."

	"What are you talking about?" Eric yelled, his fists clenched to his sides. Out of pure anger, the larger dragon lunged forward at Rawe, his claws aiming for the canine's neck. However, he was quickly intercepted by the tiger R.U.N, whose powerful robotic hands quickly snatched Eric's thick arm from the air and held it in place, its fingers squeezing into the abundant flesh painfully.

	"Oh, I think you know full well what I'm talking about," Rawe sneered back at the tubby dragon, who was currently trying to wedge his arm free from the R.U.N's death grip. Strolling past the struggling drake, the white wolf casually walked up to the crowd of frightened furs, gesturing with his arms. "My friends, I have come to rid you of the lies your 'chief' has spread to you. While you sit on your plump rears and stuff your muzzles with as much cookery as you can stomach, little did you know that there was actually a food shortage!"

	A loud gasp could be heard throughout the group as everyone's eyes went wide at the realization. Snarling with anger, Erik managed to tear his arm free from the R.U.N and sprint towards Rawe, only to be halted as the robot seized his plump tail. "Don't do this, Rawe!" the dragon begged, wincing in pain as he pitifully attempted to pull his appendage free. "We don't have to worry about food just yet! Life's too short to fret over little things like that! Food isn't everything, Rawe. What matters most is enjoying it with good friends and-"

	"Enough!" Rawe spat out with a wave of his arm. With one final pull, the metal feline managed to bring the mighty drake onto his fat rump, where he was helpless to defend himself as the R.U.N wrapped its metal arms around him, preventing any further movement. Satisfied that he wouldn't be interrupted anymore, the muscular wolf faced the crowd yet again. "Don't listen to this fool's lies anymore! I've been to the factories myself, and I have seen the lack of nourishment they once contained. Instead of preserving what little food we did have, your 'chief' decided it was best to let everyone eat like ravages and deplete our supply faster. If I had to guess, I would say you would all be starving within a month, but I plan to fix that."

	Stepping to the side, Rawe gestured towards the metallic feline, who was currently pinning Eric's face against the dusty road painfully. Sensing the attention, the R.U.N released the whimpering dragon and stood up, opening its stomach. Inside, everyone could see a delicious turkey slowly rotating on a plate, with broccoli, stuffing, and mashed potatoes on the side. Even after stuffing his face with pie earlier, Callum couldn't help but notice his mouth was filling up with drool. 

	Glad to have captured everyone's interest, Rawe continued speaking. "We've been neglecting these beautiful creations when we should have been using them, for they contain the key ingredient for survival: food!" 

	It was then that Ty faintly heard the sound of multiple footsteps approaching their location. Looking to his right, the lizard's jaw dropped as he saw countless R.U.Ns march across the dusty hill overlooking San-D, each bearing loads of food in their arms as well as in their open stomachs. 

	Ignoring the sudden swarm of robots, Rawe raised his arms and spoke louder. "No longer will our stomachs growl, now that we have enlisted technology to our aid! No longer will we pretend to believe that we have enough supplies, for our robotic companions shall provide us with enough nourishment to last us a hundred lifetimes. And no longer will we need to look for the furs who abandoned us on this planet, for I have enlisted the leader of the R.U.Ns to teach us how to survive and endure!"

	"The leader?" Ty thought to himself as he nervously glanced around at the R.U.Ns enclosing on them. "There's a leader of a bunch of robots? Who the heck wou-"

	A loud WOOOSH noise quickly derailed his train of thought as the blue lizard felt a gust of wind blew against his back, followed by the noisey THRUUMP of a heavy object landing on the ground with great force, scattering dust in all directions. Coughing and fanning the air, Ty felt his eyes water as the airborne dirt lodged itself in his eyelids, blurring his vision. All he could see was a gigantic shadow in front of him, covering the evening sun. Wiping his eyes of any stray dirt, the lizard took a second look at the strange object

	and nearly fainted on the spot.

	The person standing in front of them was, simply put, a monster. There was no better way to describe the 30-foot tall metallic abomination standing before them, its glowing green eyes piercing through the dusty fog. It was impossible to tell whether or the monstrosity looming before them was a dragon or a wolf, seeing as how he contained qualities of both. It carried a wide, rounded snout, with pointed teeth sticking out haphazardly along the muzzle, and yet it had a black canine nose on the tip. The giant had tall and pointy ears like a wolf, yet sported an incredibly long draconian tail, as well as two massive wings on its broad back, the edges of which were glowing bright blue. 

	The only saving grace the leviathan contained that didn't cause Ty to outright pass out was its shape. Even as far as R.U.N's go, the metal beast was profoundly fat. Its grey belly was a perfect sphere, bulging out over 15 feet. Its chubby cheeks made it almost appear jolly and comical, despite its otherwise horrendous appearance. Even its arms, legs, and tail looked proportionally chunky, causing Ty to half expect them to jiggle when they moved, even if they were made of metal.

	The mutated R.U.N leaned its great head low as it observed the crowd, eyeing each individual with a sinister smirk. Somewhere in the midst of the frightened furs, little Toon let out a frightened squeal as the monster settled its eyes on him. Shockingly, the giant threw its head back and laughed heartily, a very unusual action for a R.U.N. "Har har har!! Did I frighten the little 'un?" He spoke in a deep, rustic accent, appropriate given its metallic complexion. Wiping an imaginary tear from his eye, the giant robot bent forward again and smiled gently, waving its chubby paw innocently. "Don't be afraid of big ol' me. I just wanna help you folks, I swear. That's what I was designed for, after all," he said calmly, although no one appeared to feel any safer. 

	Still smiling mischievously, the rotund monstrosity placed a hand on its chest and bowed as low as its fat body allowed. "I am pleased to meet each 'nd everyone one of ya! I am D.E.N.Y.A Unit 001, but please, call me Metal Gut!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18506352/