What does a busy draolf student like myself work on inbetween college and R.U.N? Writing fat fur musicals of course! This idea came to me after watching this (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLPkKZS6q9k) Naturally I asked  hdalby33 for help because there's no way I can do something like this on my own haha.

I hope you all enjoy!



A world tinged in deep, earthen scarlet was all Callum remembered as he gently felt his vision kick into focus. At first, the unsettling notion was associated with the overbearing sense of blood, but he soon became aware that it was more solid. Something of softer substance and more pleasant composition. Red velvet cake he finally realized, chuckling at the thought of food and recalling his extensive size. With a slight start, he finally awoke, coming face to face with a miniature draolf demon floating over the supple curve of his belly. 

Looking up to the strange sight, he rubbed the base of his horns with one paw, and looked around. He was in an endless cavern that pulsated with ruddy, red lights and swirled with endless activity. The miniature demon sported its own little paunch, reiterating the notion of the confection that had previously clouded the drake’s mind. “Where am I?” he wondered aloud, sitting up and feeling his stomach compress into numerous rolls around his midriff.

Without speaking a word, the pudgy black devil stared at the hefty dragon, his red eyes full of mischief as he floated around Callum. Occasionally it would reach out and pinch a bit of flab, causing the tubby dragon to squeak and flinch, wobbling his ample frame further. Giggling at the jiggly drake’s shock, the little devil flew off deeper into the cavern, where a dark, round shape suddenly emerging from within.

Callum froze as he stared at the shadow in the cave, his heart slowly rising into his throat once he noticed a pair of large horns adorned to the shade. Praying to any deity who happened to be listening that it was just another fur, the fat grey dragon spoke up. “E-e-excuse me?” he stammered, struggling to keep his teeth from chattering long enough to speak. Seeing no response from the large shadow, Callum fearfully strode further, struggling to lift his treetrunk-sized thighs into his voluminous, scaly belly. 

Just taking those first few steps reminded Callum of just how heavy he was. Every step he took forced his knee into his sloping stomach, digging deeply into the three foot wide ball of blubber. His rear fared a little better, bouncing together as if they were a pair of basketballs swallowing up his wide tail. Not even Callum’s cheeks were spared from the wobbling sensation, each miniature orb of fat jiggling slightly with every movement his head made. Just like his cheeks, his mighty triple chin wobbled as well, doing an excellent job of covering up his fatty neck. 

Trying to ignore his obvious weight, Callum slowly marched closer towards the figure, hoping his grand size would help make him appear more intimidating. As he drew closer, the hefty drake heard a slight buzz in the background. More and more of the miniature devils from before began to take notice of his presence, giggling wickedly as they flew around the ambling dragon. The buzz slowly ascended into a faint hum, reverberating around the entire cavern in a heartbeat pattern, similar to a drum. 

The drake continued to pad forward, feeling his sagging weight press his footfalls heavily into the soft ground underneath. His breathing grew increasingly frenetic as he approached the silhouetted figure, and observed their thickly built form. Gripping his own physique with a growing sense of uncertainty, he gently tapped the figure on their thick shoulder. The horned individual slowly rotated, displaying a generously applied paunch hugged around a fluffy, waist and sagging under a smoothly curved chest and shoulders. They weren’t as large as the corpulent drake, but very close in terms of generous proportions.

Gulping anxiously, Callum stammered and fiddled with his tail while his wings fluttered gently. The figure was a larger version of the miniature draolves swarming around the crimson-lit cavern. “H-hello, sir,” he mumbled, “Would y-you happen to know where I-I am?”

No response.

“S-sir?” Callum tried again, waving his pudgy paw in front of the dark figure’s face. Suddenly, a great big grin spread across the shade’s face. “You want to know where you are?” he asked in a brassy tone. Without warning, the creature suddenly tilted his face up, revealing his canine muzzle and devilish features, his red eyes wide with joy. “You’re in hell!!”

As he shouted those words, the inside of the cavern quickly lit up, the bright red interior blazing to life. Rows of pearly-white stalagmites and stalactites hung from the ceiling and floor, looking strikingly similar to teeth, while the back of the cave opened up into a massive hole. For the first time in his life, Callum understood the meaning of standing in the maw of the beast, the terrified dragon’s tail curling around his broad legs in fear as dozens of miniature draolves began flying around like an insect swarm, giggling and cackling maniacally. Off to the distance, a small trio of the little devils sat on stools, each of them producing a woodwind instrument. Soon the air was full with the sounds of wings flapping, devils laughing, smooth and upbeat jazz playing, and a single dragon whimpering fearfully.

Taking a mighty step forward, the larger draolf pressed his nose against Callum’s snout, a microphone appearing from thin air into his paw. “Welcome to my humble abode, my corpulent victim! Your fatass is stuck here due to your obsession of overeating, which will be addressed by yours truly! The name’s Denya, the devilish proprietor of this fine establishment, and your guide/judge/benefactor. Now, let’s have a full-feeling time together, shall we?” he spoke quickly and menacingly, all without pausing for a breath of air. 

Overcome by the devil draolf's rapid firing words, Callum's mind swirled like the velvet vapors conglomerating on the top of the cavern. He was panicked by the immensity of the devil's palace, but also rather thrown by the catchy tune emanating from the instrument-wielding demons. His mind inadvertently caught on and cling to the beat as it raced with his heart, and caused poker-heated butterflies to dance in his voluminous gut. "Er..well it's nice to meet you Denya," he said, opting for a cautiously polite approach and hoping he might be able to reason with the eccentric figure. "If you wouldn't mind showing me the exit, I'm sure there's been a terrible miscalculation."

“Oh, there’s no mistake here, tubby.” Denya chortled as he hefted a large portion of Callum’s gut and dropping it, sending the poor dragon into a undulating frenzy. “Unless this is all water weight, I believe you certainly belong here, buddy. How about we get this show on the road, shall we?” Smiling wider, the portly dragonwolf wrapped his arm around his guest’s broad shoulder, pushing Callum closer and closer to the large hole in the cavern. Just looking down the bottomless pit made the rotund dragon believe he was literally going to be  swallowed alive. Taking a few steps back, Denya suddenly shoved his foot against Callum’s rear, kicking him into the pit before diving after him. “And away we go!!”

A shriek trailed the blubbery victim as he eased into a free-fall. His abundant layers of pudge rippled with the ensuing rush of air, and was punctuated by a rich, echoing cackle from the eccentric draolf. After almost thirty seconds of nonstop descent, Callum's breath finally topped off and he realized he wasn't as overcome by fear of falling but by the growing, green light steady intensifying below him. As he continued to spiral into the column of inky depths, an extensive yell cropped up followed by a loud 'OOF' as he hit a crunchy, softened support. The impact didn't feel as strong as gravity would normally warrant, but Callum had a feeling his captor didn't intend for his death, but rather a boisterous show of power. Grunting as his cushion of a belly took the brunt of the force and jiggling madly from the impact. Sitting up, he allowed the spots dancing in his vision to fade and then shifted his bulk gently. With a gulp, he finally realized what the crunch was. "Cabbage?" he wondered aloud, his belly instinctively rejecting the bland vegetable vehemently. 

Apparently, the green vegetable felt the same way about the pudgy dragon as it started rolling away from him, causing Callum to sink in lower and lower. While he sank lower, a mound directly in front of him grew higher, the cabbages forming what appeared to be a strange, gollum-esque creature, complete with two glowing yellow eyes and a pair of beefy green arms. Laying on the healthy abomination’s head was Denya, the devilish draolf’s grin was almost as unnerving as the golem itself as he sang into his mike.

“Greens are healthy but you wouldn't know,
You’d rather eat a sloppy joe.
Veggies have never been your friend,
now they’re here to fill you in the end.”

Callum’s eyes widened at the sight, and he gripped his tail in awe of the towering, vegetable behemoth residing in front of him. The lyrics spawning from the draolf’s mouth caught his attention and brittled his hope for a possibility of escape. As the final words were sung, the drake opened his muzzle to inquire what his captor intended in the lyrics, but was instead answered when the massive golem formed a spiraling funnel of greenery that plowed straight into the flabby captive’s muzzle and began to fill him.

At first the impact yielded no effect on Callum’s large stature, his voluminous physique absorbing a large portion of food without trouble. This stall in change only lasted for a moment though, as the swirling storm of vegetables made their home in his belly. All the while, the musical draolf resting atop the impending onslaught of food retained a cool, amused disposition.

“We start you with the things you missed,
No matter how you might resist.
More and more and more you’ll swell,
Among the gluttonous beings in hell.”

As Callum was force fed more and more, the cabbage floor he was sitting on diminished ever so slightly, bending as the amount of produce supporting it disappeared into the obese dragon’s mouth. Without warning, the ground suddenly gave way, dropping the startled drake further into the abyss. During his single, Denya couldn’t help but chuckle at the way the spherical dragon flailed his pudgy arms and legs uselessly as he fell.

"Those stubby wings won't save your drop,
Your fatty hide lands with a jiggling plop.
And your heavy gut so gloriously round,
Lead us to the place where darkness abounds."

Callum felt his belly compress and slip down the a rudimentary slide which took him and his overblown body to the next level. After a squeezed, jiggling descent, he was deposited into a wide cavern, where small figures roamed around. After first the drake thought they were more mini-Denyas, but he soon realized the beings crawled on four legs and were attached to large, industrious pies. Mobile confections emanating aromas that tantalized the tip of the bulging drake’s snout. Unable to control himself, he began pursuing one of the dense pastries at the pace of a glacier, being forced to contend with a blubbery orb bouncing around in front of him.

As he did so, a red glow emanated from above him, and Denya slowly floated down from the ceiling. He assumed a lax position, as if reclining in midair, and rested his paws on a large furry dome of flab. In his presence, the pies slowly came to a halt and turned around to face the frozen slab of dragon. A light shudder rippled through Callum’s form as he looked to the devilish draolf, already having an inkling of what to expect next.
"Pursuing life's fattening amenities,
Has resulted in extensive gluttony.
Pursue and stuff him my many pies,
Fatten him, no question as to why."

While Denya sang his devilish song, the four-legged pies suddenly ran into each other, their doughy bodies exploding from the sheer impact! At first, Callum didn’t know what to make with the sudden pile of fruit and breading, but his curiosity quickly turned into fear as the purple and brown gunk began wobbling on its own. Soon, four giant feet sprouted from underneath the monster pie, an evil purple face appearing on top of it’s breaded head. Before even pondering to realize how quickly the tables had turned, the rotund dragon quickly turned tail and dashed away at a lethargic pace, his heart pounding inside his fatty chest at the mere sight of such a terrifying, yet delicious monster. It was quickly evident who would win this chase, however, as the baked monstrosity quickly ambled after the slow drake, laughing maniacally. 

Heaving and wobbling to a breathless halt, Callum’s gaze flickered from the imposing behemoth of a pastry to the equally intimidating figure floating just overhead. The pudgy draolf devil bore a charismatic grin and chuckled effusively as the next stage of his tour through the underworld approached. The ground bound dragon clutched his frame in anticipation, feeling the effects of the prior golem stuffing roiling within him. As the pie monster padded forward, Denya flicked his wrist and mirrored the monster’s movements. A breaded foot knocked him off balance, resulting in a blubbery thud from the rotund reptilian, while the flabby devil filed his claws with exaggerated flourish. Blowing on his claws, Denya suddenly clenched his fist together and pushed it forward with a grin, driving the sweetened mass of jelly and yeast straight for Callum’s rounded muzzle. With an ‘Oof’ the drake grunted as he felt his belly began to swell once more from an influx of dense foods.

As he felt his bulk rise slowly, Denya unleashed another narrative verse of his melodious guide through the doughy depths of his domain.

Tantalizing pastries at the tip of your tongue,
I’ll swell you with pastries as my song is sung.
Your confection transgressions shall be redeemed,
Until you repent with a straining of the seams!

A low moan wobbled the drake’s rising hillock of a belly as the pie monstrosity repeatedly rammed large portions of pie against his maw. Each chunk added another inch of flab to the heavy sphere towering above him, causing his belly to stretch slightly and pillowy flesh to peak upwards. As he continually confronted the second trial of Denya’s eccentric journey through a gluttonous hell, the fuzzy demon settled atop and sunk in slight to watch. Between ‘oofs’ and heavy intakes of air, Callum managed a weak grin to the devil and said, “You’re considerably heftier than I imagined an all-powerful entity to be.” His ensuing laugh was cut off by another chunk of pie crammed into his gullet, adding another inch to the eight foot sphere of flab and flesh settled heavily against his legs and torso. Another moan escaped the mountainous dragon’s maw as he giggled and jiggled softly with partially crazed humor.

Before he could finish devouring the monster, the floor moved from under Callum’s feet as if it were a conveyor belt. Thrown off balance from the sudden movement, the obese dragon kept trying to look behind to see where he was headed, his puffy cheeks and neck restricting a lot of his head’s movement. Just then, the rapidly moving floor quickly grinded to a halt, propelling the spherical reptile forward onto his rump.

Callum grunted as his massive rear quickly made contact with another object, throwing the massive dragon into a flurry of jiggling and sloshing. Looking around a bit, he slowly realized that he had been thrown onto a large couch, with his body taking up nearly every square inch. Glad to finally get a chance to take a breather, Callum sighed and rested his broad arms onto the armrests, only to quickly regret that decision. As soon as his flabby scales made contact with the wooden supports, two metal cuffs appeared on each arm rest, clamping down on the drake’s doughy limbs. Yelping in fear, Callum grunted and pulled at his arms, only to be further restrained as two more large braces appeared, this time wrapping around his squishy midsection, further pinning him in place. 

Attempting to free himself from the restrictive tethers, the flabby reptile finally relented and looked to the doughy devil as he set up a TV in front of him. Tilting his head curiously, Callum noted the hybrid seemed a bit huskier than their first alteration, his furry spare tire jiggling voluminously from his floating motions. A small smile worked its way over his muzzle as the drake noted the devil’s back rolls were slightly more pronounced and his overhang seeped to his knees. He wasn’t the only one growing heftier afterall. Suddenly, with a quickness that contrasted with the apparent bulk, Denya straightened and turned to the dragon with a wide grin. 

Lounging and loafing and lazing galore,
Endless snacks and TV aren’t a bore!
Conformed to a couch is certainly a sin,
Now relax and watch as you’re stuffed to the brim!

As he sang, the corpulent draolf quickly floated away while producing a remote controller from one of his numerous rolls. With a flick of the switch, the TV in front of Callum blazed to life, displaying an image of a porcine red dragon. As the dragon moved and wobbled about, a narrator began speaking in the background, talking in an incredibly dull English accent about the effects of overeating on a dragon’s body. Even with the cruel irony of the situation, Callum couldn’t help but slump forward as he watched this program, his eyes glued to the screen despite how boring it appeared. So entranced he was with the program that he almost didn’t notice when a single kernel of popcorn floated into his mouth. 

Opening his muzzle softly, the transfixed dragon absorbed the images on the screen as easily as he did food, accepting the kernel of popcorn without hesitation and using his belly as a cushion. Relaxing his protests against the restraints which held him in place, the grey dragon rubbed his smooth stomach and looked to Denya with a glazed smile. “Fun show,” he chuckled, proving the unabashed addiction to the notion of easy entertainment. Tilting his head with a sigh, the single minded lizard zoned out with practiced ease, watching the tedious documentary with heavy interest.

It wasn’t long before another salty popcorn popped up right in front of Callum’s snout, waving around in midair eagerly. Naturally, the hefty dragon opened up and devoured the buttery kernel, with two more appearing right after. Soon, Callum unintentionally found himself into a never ending pattern of opening and closing his maw as he stared at the television, ignoring the fat draolf’s continuing singing. 

Your feeding is cyclical and expansion conceptual,
Watch as your growth is rendered perpetual.
Each kernel adding to our supple adipose,
A thinner physique out of the question, I suppose.

Time began to pass rapidly as Callum continued watching TV, the hour hand on the clock behind him spinning increasingly quicker. More and more popcorn kernels offered themselves to the slothful dragon, who consumed them quite eagerly as he stared at the television, completely oblivious to the time-skip. His massive stomach began digesting the copious amounts of food inside it, sending extra layers of dragon lard throughout his body quickly due to how fast time was passing. His fat head and chubby cheeks completely covered his bulbous neck, his multiple chins cascading down onto his flabby pecs like a staircase made out of adipose. His thunder thighs were forced apart due how wide they were swelling, as well as the gigantic dome of a belly resting on top of them, three times as large as it was when Callum first arrived in hell. Even the blob-like dragon’s arms continued to swell with extra blubber, pressing against their metal bonds tightly, just as how his chest began squishing around it’s metal base, causing it to warp from the pressure. Denya, surprised at how quickly his captive was swelling, even paused singing to try and think what would break first: the couch or the bonds.

Grunting from the effort of working his way through the time-lapsing TV show and the over abundance of foods, Callum moaned lowly as his girth rested in warm amplitude around his lap. As he did so, he caught fleeting glances of his draolf guide seeping outwards and downwards with additional weight of their own. Denya's plush middle softly swelled and continued to increase on corpulence, emphasized by his fluffy cheeks jiggling with the next verse of the song. 

Shall the couch or chains be first to snap,
Thanks to the weight upon your lap?
Three levels of hell and some more to go, 
From your greed, my own figure shall flow.

The lyrics were accompanied by the eccentric devil dancing in tune with the actions onscreen, flickering before his eyes and moving to an impressively bouncy rhythm. Denya's quaking form jiggled with the force of his devilish nature, emphasized by the choreographed routine. Callum shifted his weight once more, feeling his pillowy form wobble with subconscious dancing and continual swelling. As if to answer the question of the chains or the chair, a tortured rumble emanated from the furniture, before it wrenched itself in two and sent the drake crashing to the ground in an excessive wave of continuous rippling.

Flying over with a gleeful cackle, the black and white devil settled heavily upon the apex of his victim's belly and formed a draolf-shaped indentation in the softened scales. Laying on his own, fluffy bulk, Denya adopted a comically dainty pose, with his puffy cheeks cradled in fattened paws and one foot kicking up behind him in the air innocently. Callum looked up with an stuffed expression on his muzzle, attempting to focus on the heavy figure resting atop his engorged mass. Murmuring heavily, he waited for the next trial or whatever the draolf had in store for him, to take place.

With a grin and a wink, Denya levitated off of the bloated behemoth’s belly. The doughy draolf inserted two chubby fingers into his mouth and blew, a shrill-sounding whistle escaping his lips. in less than a millisecond, dozens of miniature draolf devils flew out from the shadows, cackling impishly as they swarmed around the backside of the blobbish dragon. The demons pushed and shoved at Callum, their tiny bodies sinking into the numerous folds and fats along the scaley backside, until they somehow managed to make a little progress. The spherical dragon found himself rolling forward against his well, his head moving dangerously closer towards the ground. 

As Callum felt the miniature devils softly sink their paws into his form, he felt two heavy footpads and the undercurve a Denya’s fluffy gut settle deeply into his flab from atop. Looking down, he saw the ground was covered in a vast plane of velvet cake slices. As he rolled forward, the charismatic dough devil standing atop his colossal build whistled and took slow, shuffling steps backwards to adopt a novel waddle as if he were balancing atop a barrel.

Oh my, we’ve struck an edible calamity,
You see these planes stretch on for eternity,
Think of your past and what you’ve done,
And continue to swell into what you’ll become.

The draolf’s brassy, upbeat tune rolled out with an echoing weight as he continued to pad along Callum’s summit. From the drake’s point of view, the world was spinning in a slow, entrancing rotation. He found large mouthfuls of cake entering his muzzle with each rotation, adding an a weighted perception to his mind. The cyclical rolling allowed him to begin contemplating his voluminous heft, feeling the softened weight shift both physically and intrinsically. As the diminutive demons continually pushed, the only factor that changed was the increasing heft sinking into whatever portion of his body was rotating skyward. As he continued to swell atop a ten foot dome of flab, his guide’s form sunk deeper, bringing a soft smile to Callum’s rounded muzzle as he realized his increased stature had mirrored the imposing, though rather charming draolf. 

Despite his scaly cheeks taking up a sizable portion of his view, Callum got a good glimpse at what his future would hold. While it was merely a glance before his head was submerged underneath his own blubber, the morbidly obese dragon saw what he could describe as heaven, despite appearing to be in hell. An entire world full of food stretched outwards beyond his vision! Mountains made out of cake, valleys made of chocolate, rivers made of milk, and oceans made of soda. Even with his stuffed stomach, Callum licked his lips greedily, his bloated tail wagging excitedly as he drew closer and closer to his paradise. 

With a final push, Denya jumped off the spherical dragon and sent him rolling towards his eternal buffet, watching with a smirk as the grey blob grew smaller from the distance, as well as bigger from all the food. The heavy draolf felt his stature sag as he floated, his belly swaying and dipping softly with the parallel corpulence he’d acquired to that of his victim. Folding his arms over his fluffy, rounded chest, he unleashed a final verse that rolled over the planes like melodious thunder. 

Away you travel, rolling supremely,
You’ll find this land to be edibly dreamy.
I leave you now to confront another of sin,
For my attention is called to one known as Tzin.

Cackling maniacally, the corpulent canine flew up towards the mouth of the cave, his laughter echoing even after he disappeared.



Tzin whimpered fearfully as he glanced around the dark-red cavern, the portly green dragon hugging his thick tail against his cream-colored belly, relishing with a brief alleviation as the feathers on the tail-tip brushed against his gut. One minute, the feathered reptile was enjoying a nice dinner with his friends (and by nice dinner, he meant clearing out yet another buffet), and the next minute he was suddenly transported to this dark and strange world. Shivering due to his uncontrolled fear, the pudgy drake slowly waddled forward, his turkey-leg thighs brushing against each other as he looked for a way out.

Waddling forward, the fiery feathered drake trembled as he made his way to the mouth of a pitch-black corridor. A round mass floated a couple feet into the darkness, and only a pair of glowing eyes were visible along with it. Reaching out, Tzin tapped the mass on the shoulder, entirely fearful what would come next. “E-excuse me sir, where am I?” 

The figure turned suddenly, with a beaming smile and said, “Welcome Tzin! You’re in hell!”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/17803281/