My first speedwrite (3 hours) AND my first vore story! Since this is a lot of firsts, this probably won't be my finest quality. 

 sporks5 finds his forest ravenged by awful two-leggers, scattering the prey he needs to live. Infuriated, he takes revenge by offering 'lessons' to a volunteer group of campers about what happens when you mess with a predator's habitat. 

I hope you all enjoy! (I recommend reading the word file.) 



	GUUUUUUUUURKLE!

	As stealthy as he may be, Xaru could do little to conceal his stomach's noisey please. For days, the large monster had been prowling through the woodlands, leaving no stone unturned in a feeble attempt to snag a quick bite or two. Throughout his life, Xaru had lived in abundance, living alone in a forest filled to the brim with all manner of tasty prey to catch at a whim. While his beige and cream fur contrasted with the darker greens of the forest, the beast had little problem overtaking any and all creatures he came upon with sheer speed and power. He could outrun a gazelle, swim after otters, and even wrestled a bear and remained unfazed! Truly, the pinnacle of strength, as well as gluttony. 

	With no natural predators, Xaru had little to fear as he hunted down prey after prey. However, do to his interesting habit of devouring meals the same height as himself, the 8-foot beast had grown somewhat wider as time went on, developing a rounder stomach to match his rampant appetite. The extra girth didn't seem to hinder his abilities at all; in fact, it seemingly enhanced the glutton's ability to overwhelm larger foes with ease! 

	For as long as he could remember, Xaru was the true alpha male of the forest. There was naught a single creature who would dare challenge him, for he was bigger, faster, stronger, and most importantly, hungrier than all! Just thinking back at those moments of glory made the beast swell with pride; that is, until he remembered the events that brought him to his desperate situation. 

	Man, the bane of all existence. Xaru remembered chasing after a herd of rabbits for fun when he heard the first bulldozers plow through. Out of curiosity's sake, the kaiju scampered towards the noise, wondering if some unidentified animal was roaring a challenge for him, and nearly had his head blown off! 

	Right as he dashed into the clearing, a rifleman fired a gun pointed at where he expected Xaru to run. Thanks to his superhuman reflexes, the beast managed to literally dodge the bullet, the metal shell engraved into the tree a few centimeters above his head. Xaru screamed with anger at the strange two-legged animal before him, who dropped its weapon and backed off at the sight of such a dangerous being. Before he could capitalize on that fear, several more bipedal creatures swarmed out from behind the giant tractor, each armed with similar rifles. Xaru felt a cold sweat droop down the back of his neck as he realized, for once in his life, he was actually outgunned. 

	"Fire!"

	Never in his life had he ran as fast as he did that day, not even when chasing after the largest elk in the forest. Fear and adrenaline coursed through the kaiju's body as he bolted through the forest on all fours, his speed making him a total blur despite the extra weight. He didn't slow down until he was miles away from the two-leggers, and even then he continued jogging well into the evening. As he ran, Xaru noticed something else that brought a chill to his spine, something he knew that was going to be a problem later on. While his usual stampedes through the forest brought out hoards of animals fleeing from the beast, this time there was nothing. No frightened squawks or a sudden trampling of hooves: nothing. The two-leggers had only been in his forest for a few hours and already they were driving his food away. Xaru thought himself to be the perfect life form for as long as he lived, but today, he learned who the real monsters were.



	GUUUUUUUURKLE!

	Xaru groaned as he leaned against a tree, his bright blue tongue dangling from his muzzle. He was growing weaker by the day, his fat reserves dwindling at an alarming rate, leaving him far thinner than his prime. Just as he had predicted, the two-leggers had driven out most of his prey in the woods, leaving him scrambling to look for scraps, hares, and even bugs. On occasion, he would find discarded food the two-leggers would leave behind, but it was very apparent that such foods weren't meant for his kind. Sure, they restored his girth somewhat, but what they made up for with calories they lacked with actual nutrients, leaving him winded more often than usual. 

	GRUUUUUUUUUUURKLE!

	Xaru was growing desperate. He wanted the taste of real food, of actual flesh, not some by-product the two-leggers would create. He was getting sick of prowling by their settlements, sneaking into their territory when they wouldn't notice just to pick at their unwanted food. He was a kaiju, a proud and powerful being, not some lowly scavenger! Yet here he was, crawling along the grass the minute he smelled the two-leggers, his heart pounding in his chest at the fear of being caught. Holding his breath, Xaru slowly tip-toed his way up the hill, keeping his body to the ground. The brown winter grass and the evening sun did a great job in camouflaging his beige fur, but he was taking no chances as he peeked over the hill, and caught an interesting surprise.

	There were no two-leggers!.. Well, at first that appeared to be the case. While the stench of said creatures was certainly rich, Xaru found little evidence of them. Before him was a large clearing, about 15 meters in diameter, with a big tarp located in the middle. Xaru had spotted canvas like this before, noting how it was held up by four support beams on each side, giving it a curved pyramid shape. He was aware of these "campers," as well as their habits of driving far into his forest just to sleep underneath their portable shelters. Many times, he had stumbled across many abandoned camping grounds where he would sniff around for any leftover scraps, yet this one still smelt strongly of two-leggers. How perculiar, Xaru thought to himself as he settled by the slope, his tail swishing about behind him. A group of two-leggers, all by themselves, in my territory? This might be the chance I've been looking for."

	"Whaddya mean I have to collect fire wood?! I thought that was yer job!" A voice suddenly shouted from within the tent, sounding much higher than Xaru expected. 

	"I told yew, I was gonna be the one t' start the fire, Idiot! We've been over dis before!" A second voice responded, equally as whiney and annoying.

	"Nu uh! Yah said yew was gonna handle the fire!"

	"Yeah, as in keepin' it burnin'! Yer the one who hasta get the wood!"

	"But I put the flippin' tent up, numbskull! Yew can't make me do everythin!"

	"Ya-huh!"

	"Nu-huh!"

	"Oh, for the love of," Xaru was grateful the third voice spoke up when it did; he wasn't sure how much longer he could handle the bickering. "Would yew two can it!? I'll get the firewood, since none of yew sissies can handle the outdoors."

	The tent's zipper suddenly zipped down, revealing a sandy-haired female crawling out from within. Following in her wake were two male two-leggers, one with dark skin and black hair, the other much paler with freckles cresting his face. "W-wait! Hold up, Cassy! I'm s'pposed to get the firewood, remember?" The pale one stammered, his face turning as red as his hair. 

	"D-don't listen to dat idiot, I'll be more than happy t' do it instead!" The darker one chimed in, nudging the other boy out of the way with his elbow. "Besides, do yah really trust Sam? His farts will alert every animal here!" 

	"One time, I farted in the car ride here, Jeff. One time!"  Sam growled and shoved back, sending both boys toppling. Soon, they were back to bickering yet again as they tussled along the ground, kicking up dirt everywhere. 

	"Gah! Get off me, Farty Face! Yer gonna get the tent dirty!"

	"I'll get yew dirty, ya nasty jerk! At least I don't eat garbage!"

	"I told yew, that wasn't me! I dunno where our trash went. Cantcha just be happy someone took care of it fer us?"

	"Oh dat's BS! The trash can had teeth marks on it! I know it was you!"

	"Nu-uh!"

	"Ya-huh!"

	"Could it possibly be me?"

	Sam and Jeff froze on the spot once they heard an unfamiliar voice, both of their fists raised towards each other's face. Even Cassy, who had been having fun watching her two admirers battle before her, felt the color drain from her face as she realized they weren't the only ones here. 

	Without making a noise, the two youths slowly withdrew from each other, carefully standing back upright as they scanned the area, teeth chattering noisily. "H-h-h-hello? I-i-is anyone t-t-there?"

	Nothing replied. The three kids were left in silence, saved for a gentle breeze rustling the leaves. None of them felt the courage to move an inch, their feet weighed down with fear like lead. Entire minutes went by with the students blindly looking around, curious if something really was nearby. "M-maybe that was just our imagination…" Jeff suggested, sweat beading his forehead. 

	"Yeah. Must have been the wind."

	Cassy let out a choked up squeal that half sounded like a mouse, an accurate representation for what the frightened blonde was currently experiencing. That voice they just heard didn't belong to anyone she knew; in fact, she doubted it was human at all! She suddenly felt faint on her knees, the blowing wind strong enough to send her stumbling back, falling towards the gro-

	"Be careful where you step, little girl. Wouldn't want you to trip onto something dangerous!"

	Cassy's eyes went wide when she realized she wasn't laying on the ground, but rather leaning against something large, powerful, and very much alive. Unable to control her trembling any longer, the poor female glanced upward, and found herself face to face with none other than Xaru himself. "Pleased to eat you!” He grinned, his canine-like muzzle contorting itself into a horrifying grin, revealing fangs longer than her fingers! 

	Cassy wanted to scream, she really did, but found herself unable to even look away from the monster's bright blue eyes. She wanted to push away from his chubby stomach, but before she could muster up the courage, two massive paws wrapped themselves around her frail figure, lifting her into the air as if she were naught more than the frightened mouse she envisioned herself to be. 

	"What's wrong? Not going to fight back?" Xaru taunted, licking the slobber from his muzzle. "Did no one tell you of the dangers lurking within this forest?"

	Cassy didn't say anything, paralyzed by fear, only able to stare down the monster's mouth in horrid anticipation. She briefly thought about Sam and Jeff, and how they would constantly fight over her. Now, she only wished they would fight for her for once, instead of standing in the sidelines gawking like statues. 

	"Would you like a lesson from yours truly about what happens to anyone who invades my land? I promise that you won't forget it anytime soon," the monster smirked, his soft stomach rumbling softly. He wanted nothing more than to devour the girl whole and be done with it, but he knew there was a better way of warding off the two-leggers from his home. 

	In a shocking twist of fate, Cassy found herself sitting on the ground in a blink of an eye, her mind unable to process the sudden transition. Instead, however, she watched as Xaru pounced on Sam and Jeff, both of whom didn't even try to defend themselves from the attack.

	"Take a close look, young lady. This is what happens when you dare mess with my home!" Xaru held the students close to his chest, his eyes bloodshot with rage. After all this time, he was finally about to get his revenge, and what better targets than the two most annoying children he's ever met! He growled pleasurably as he felt Jeff and Sam scream and wiggle, but it was all in vain, for each of his paws were bigger than their entire torsos! Xaru pulled the red-haired lad in first, opening his maw as wide as he could. With a single shove, Sam felt himself thrusted into the monster's gaping mouth, his vision filled with neon blue. He fought back as hard as he could, kicking and screaming and wiggling his exposed legs, yet none of it made a dent in the voracious monster. Jeff could only watch as his friend slowly disappeared into Xaru's jaws, a massive bulge traveling down the kaiju's throat before depositing itself into his gut, which sprang outwards a good foot and a half. 

	”Bwurrrrrp! You're next, boy!" He growled pleasurably, enjoying the feeling of having his stomach jostled around. He missed having his insides massaged and kneaded all around, even if it was just his prey trying to escape from him. No one escapes from Xaru, the all-mighty! A flame he thought had long died suddenly rekindled within in, encouraging him to stop wasting time and to start eating. 

	Jeff yelped as he was thrusted against the beast's face, it's tongue lapping across his face. He could feel the rows of sharp teeth gently raking across his skin, starting from his head all the way back to his feet. Just like Sam before him, Jeff wound up disappearing behind the beast's massive jaws, traveling down that constricting, slimy esophagus before being deposited into the stomach. 

	Xaru had never felt more alive as he leaned back and let out an Earth-shattering belch! He was back, and better than ever, his hunger starting to ebb away as he patted his massive girth. He could still feel the boys squirming around inside him, pushing his stomach outwards like an elastic ball, but they weren't escaping anytime soon. 

	THUMP!

	The kaiju laughed as he witnessed Cassy passing out right against him, leaning against his bulging gut. "Bwahahah! Want to join them that badly, eh?" He chuckled, brushing the girl off his swollen stomach with ease. "I'll tell you what, little girl. Go tell the others what you've learned. Spread my teachings about what happens in my land, and I'll make sure to save a special spot in my gut, just for you!"

	And with that, he ran off, albeit slightly more clumsily than usual. Xaru found himself hiccupping and burping as he waddled through the forest, his stomach bouncing in front of him. Maybe he should stop by another campsite and see if he can teach anymore two-leggers some important life lessons.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/21805017/