Sheero had foreseen this day for months, yet he did nothing about it. As Zero's protégé and #1 fan, the teenage zoroark knew better than anyone that the skunk was prone to lazing and binging whenever he got the chance, resulting in periods of rapid weight gain. Of course, Zero knew better than anyone that a few extra pounds would get in the way of an important heist, so he would spend a week or so burning off the extra flab before getting to work. Money was always the skunk's driving motivator, after all. He was more than happy to subject himself to rigorous training to keep in top shape. A pound lost of fat was a pound gained in cash, he would always say.

But what if it were the other way around?

If the sumo tournament had taught him anything, it was that you didn't need to be as thin as a rail to make a killer living. He was the heaviest he had been in a long time, and while he was quite slow and cumbersome, that didn't stop him from effortlessly shoving the tubby dragonwolf out of the ring and keeping the exuberant prize money all to himself. In a single afternoon, the obese skunk had managed to snag more dough than a week of heisting would have managed, and all he had to do was sit back and eat his favorite foods! And this process was all legal too, which meant he didn't need to waste money bribing police! 

With his completely altered mindset, the thief made it his mission to gain as much as possible, not wanting to lose any tournys to a heavier foe. Zero spent all day sitting on the couch, forcing Sheero to run all of his errands, with grocery shopping and cooking being the main priority. The smaller zoroark had a feeling deep within the pit of his stomach that this sudden change in his mentor would mark the end of their theiving days, yet he dared not speak against the growing green ball of pudge. 

Little did he realize that this would also mark the end of Zero's sumo wrestling career as well.

Delving into his glutenous ways, the skunk ate 6 whole meals a day, with plenty of feasting in between. Everytime Sheero came to check on his mentor, he would notice a little bit less of the couch was visible beneath the growing green mass. Zero's stomach surged outward with every passing meal, swallowing up his massive thighs until only the bottom of his feet could be seen beneath the doughy orb. Anyone who saw the skunk at such a fattened state would wonder how such a massive creature could even stand at this point, let alone walk. The answer to that question was quite simple, however. He can't. 

Not even a week passed into Zero's eating regime when he finally crossed the threshold into immobility, not that he even noticed. His one-track mind was focused sorely on winning the next tournament, eager to stretch his stomach out to the absolute limit in order to become an unstoppable force. So engrossed he was with his goal that he failed to realize he was instead turning into an immovable object. Weight piled onto his body rapidly as every single calorie he consumed stuck to his frame. 

"Hrrf.. c'mon, fox... I ain't got all day!" He mumbled, grunting like a pig waiting for it's slop. "The next tourny's in a few days... gotta squeeze on a few more pounds till then!"

Sheero whimpered as he looked up at the looming pile of skunk before him, ashamed at what his enabling had done to his mentor. He knew there was no way they could haul Zero to the ring unless they ordered a personal bulldozer. Even then, the blubbery ball wouldn't likely fit completely inside the ring, which would probably make for a very quick match by ring out. No, Zero wasn't going anywhere anytime soon.

"B-be right there," the zoroark stammered as he slowly made his ascent onto Zero's mountainous stomach, one arm holding onto the stacks of golden birthday cake doublestuffed oreos. What once would give the skunk a hell of a stomachache was now only barely considered a snack for the insatiable glutton. Sheero knew he had to tell Zero that he had sabotaged his body into an indistinguishable pile of lard, that if he didn't stop now, he would most likely outgrow the entire room by the end of the year.

Unfortunately, that someone wouldn't be him. 


Awesome drawing by  bloodread Poor Sheero doesn't know what to do D: it's almost as if Zero is even more intimidating the larger  he grows! Someone better encourage the zoroark to tell Zero, or else he'll just keep eating forever and ever and-

On second thought, don't say anything~

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/24591360/