"Heh, good one Denya." Cin snorted, the boar grinning toothily. "Next you'll ask what carbs are, or saturated fats." 

Denya managed a grimace of a smile in return, mainly due to being unable to chuckle, thanks to the incredible tightness of his pants. That, and he genuinely had no idea what either of those things were, and at that point he was too afraid to ask. While he smiled and shrugged and tried playing it off as a joke, his folded ears were a telltale sign he was totally clueless; well, that and his oversized potbelly, of course. 

As with any fur their size; Denya, Cin, and Cephy were enjoying a relaxing evening at a local buffet well known for its baked and fried goods. So well known, in fact, that the three furs often found themselves going back for seconds or thirds, not including dessert. Eating so much grease and salt certainly took a toll on their figures, however. For Cin and Cephy, it was a few extra inches on their middles; for Denya, it was a bit more than that, which brought them to their current discussion when a waiter made a very offhanded comment about the hybrid's weight when he came to refill their sodas. 

Cephy certainly noticed the draolf's blank look. "Oh god, you're serious, aren't you?" The panther perked up, his green eyes wide with bewilderment. "How...how do you not know what a diet is?"

Denya shifted his eyes. "I mean, am I supposed to know?" 

"[i]YES![i]" Both boar and panther cried out in unison, causing the tubby hybrid to slink further in his seat, ignoring the cracks. 

Cin cleared his throat. "Denya, a diet is when you, uh, restrict yourself of certain foods to help you lose weight. You know, stuff like salt, grease, fats, sugar...basically everything they serve here." Cin remarked with a chuckle, biting off a large chunk of cornbread. "A diet might not be a bad idea for you, dude. You are looking a little round."

"A little?" Cephy rolled his eyes, taking a large swig of soda. "If you pushed him down a hill, he wouldn't be able to stop rolling!"

Not even Cin could stop himself from chuckling at that remarking. Speaking of rolling, Denya rolled his eyes at that remark. "Haha, very funny. I'm not THAT fat," he muttered, flicking his wings indignantly. "Maybe YOU should try a diet! Here, I'll help you myself!" And with that, the tubby hybrid leaned forward, attempting to snatch at Cephy's fried chicken. However, it quickly became apparent that Denya couldn't even reach half way across the table, let alone to the portly panther. His belly was simply too large, his pants restricting his movement to an incredible degree. Cephy leaned back in fear, noting how dangerously close that belt buckle was to bursting off.

Getting red in the face, the hybrid slumped back into his seat and huffed, needing a moment to catch his breath. "N-not fair...did the tables get wider?" 

Cin bit his lip. "Sorry man, the only thing here that's gotten wider is you." 

"That's not true! Both of you have gotten bigger too!"

It was true. Cephy certainly filled out his seat more than he used to, and Cin constantly wrestled to keep his shirt wrapped over his softened middle. It was a witty retort, Denya thought, until he noticed Cephy crossing his thick arms. "Yeah, but I can still fit in my shirt. Where's yours, doughboy."

Denya needed a moment to think about it, his ears folding back. "Erh...at home."

"Why?" 

"It shrunk in the wash...and ripped." 

"Didn't you just buy that shirt too? What was it, a 4XL?" 

"More like 5..." Denya slumped back even further. 

Cin spoke up. "What about your pants....wait, how did you even squeeze into them?" 

"Erh, Zane helped me," Denya explained. Honestly, he had no idea how he managed to fit into them either. He remembered it involved a lot of tugging, pulling, and fighting, all in his stubbornness to prove he could still fit in them. Now, he was regretting that decision, especially after a few plates of Mac n' Cheese and steaks. He could feel the imprint the belt buckle was leaving in his doughy middle. Every breath he took was shallow and quick; as if he had just ran a marathon, which is certainly what it felt like to the hybrid when he made the trek over here. 

Cephy's eyes were still locked on that belt buckle, fearing for his 9 lives. "Maybe you should, erh, eat a bit less, alright? Honestly, without those pants to hold you back, your belly would be smothering the table by now.

The hybrid looked down at himself, a paw pinching his thick lovehandles. Good lord, he was getting fat! He could feel his second chin pressing against his ample chest quite heavily just from looking down, as well as the way his doughy sides bunched up when he shifted left to right. "Maybe cutting back wouldn't be a bad idea...but I can do that tomorrow. Right now I could really use some pie." 

"Pie?" Cephy blinked, his black face going pale. "E-erh, you sure that's a good idea?" 

"Of course it is!" Denya beamed, wagging his thick tail. A little pie has never hurt anyone! I'll just grab one or two pies, that's all."

And that's the story of how Cephy ended up with a buckle-shaped bruise on the side of his forehead. 



Really cute drawing from  shikakaka that I love so much <3

Featuring  taaru and BigPigJamboree on Twitter

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33001384/