I'm starting to write lots again! :D

Well, this is a gift for  mrfoxboy because he gave me such an awesome gift, so im gonna repay him the favor. Dolby finds himself bored on the internet until he suddenly clicks on a strange add, forcing him into a different world made out of candy monitored by two scientists from afar. How long can he last before he becomes an immobile blob of fat? That's up for you to decide!

for every COMMENT this story gets, Dolby WILL GAIN ONE POUND! It's not much, but we gotta wait for his metabolism to crash before he REALLY packs on the pounds~ (btw this is a short chapter, ill make the next ones longer)



Entry log: 001
Day:1 Month:1 Year:1
	At last we've done it! Using mutations and manipulations of various molecules, our crew at the Planetary Home Assembling Team, or P.H.A.T for short, has finally made a great breakthrough! Imagine a world where you could literally live off the fat of the land! That's right, there is no lack of sustenance, no dearth of delicacies, and no absence of edibles! All of this is mainly because the entire planet is made out of food! Most of it happens to be quite a bit... heavy, to say the least. However, it is a necessity that the edibles on this planet remain extremely filling in order to prevent our "participants" from devouring the planet right away. I just got a confirmation from my co-worker: a lucario named Zane. According to him, our preparations are set. Now all we need is a volunteer...

	Dolby sighed as he lazily leaned back into his chair, clicking through several boring websites, waiting for something to happen. For the last couple of days, the pink and white fox's usual favorite websites have gone down the drain, filled to the brim with reposts and trolls. Now, Dolby spends his free time either talking to his friends on Skype or just stare at his desktop. Lazing around doing nothing has affected the poor fox's weight as well. Considering how rarely he eats, Dolby's figure is concave compared to his original chubby form! And all because there was nothing to do online. Thanks a lot internet!

	Before Dolby could fully bore himself to tears, however, a "ping" came from his laptop, making the skinny fox's ears twitch. Looking up through half shut eyes, Dolby lazily surveyed the screen, not seeing anything of interest. Dolby sighed, "Wow, I'm so bored my mind's playing tricks on me". However, out of the corner of his eye, the pink fox did notice something. One of the ads on Reddit looked very different than the others. Instead of something like "Click here 5 times to win an Ipad 2" it instead seemed more straight to the point. Paying more attention now, Dolby's eyes focused on the ad, reading the text to himself. "Is life getting too boring for you? Do you feel like you have no goals?" Dolby nodded to himself as he read. "Click below to enter a study where your strength will be tested, your wits will be your strongest weapon, and your courage will be determined." 

	Dolby tilted his head at that last bit. "These online ads are getting cheesier by the minute!" With a chortle, the pink fox decided to click the link anyway. "Eh, why not? I could use a good online game to check out before dinner." As with normal adds, another page opened up on Dolby's laptop. However, as Dolby slowly realized, the URL looked very...off. Squinting his eyes, Dolby leaned forward to see what it said, sliding his chair as close as possible. Just before he could make out what it said, however, a suddenly bright flash of rainbow-colored light erupted from Dolby's laptop, making the fox yelp and fall back... only to be suspended in mid air! Dolby's eyes widened as he squirmed in midair, flailing about uselessly in a vain attempt to get down. "W-What's going on? What's happening!" Dolby shouted, his face one of pure terror as he slowly started to drift towards his laptop monitor... 

	With a slight groan, Dolby woke up, rubbing a paw to his forehead. "Oh man... I need to lay off the energy drinks" The pink fox said as he sat upright, trying to pop his back. "Well, whatever. Time to get back to the..." Dolby never finished his sentence. The fox's jaw dropped straight to the floor as he realized he wasn't in his bedroom anymore. Beneath him, a field of light blue grass softly rippled from the sweet-smelling wind. In front of him lay a jungle, complete with the long, red vines and noisey, hidden animals. To the left of Dolby lay a vast, light green lake, bubbling for some unknown reasons. To the right rests an endless mountain range, complete with snowy peaks and dark caves. And behind Dolby reveals a beautiful canyon, filled with rocks of different colors. 

	The idea that Dolby somehow managed to travel hundreds of miles in a single night because he clicked on a strange internet ad was ludicrous already, but what really sent it over the line was that this entire place was made out of candy! Taking a closer look at everything, Dolby found out that this land was pretty much edible! The green lake was probably made out of Mountain Dew, the red vines in the jungle look a lot like licorice, hell, even the grass beneath his paws broke off under his weight as if they were made out of hardened sugar! As if the pink fox's brain finally processed the new environment, Dolby's stomach gave out a loud gurgle, snapping him out of his stupor. "Well..." Dolby said as he sat back down on his rump. "This might destroy my figure, but it's the only food around."

	Dolby grabbed a large pawful of the blue grass and stuffed it in his maw, each individual blade breaking apart and dissolving from the fox's saliva. Dolby smiled as he swallowed, the pure sugar taste reminding him of when he was a younger, chubbier cub. He would sneak downstairs into the kitchen when his mom was asleep and swallow a spoonful or two of pure white sugar. Of course, the consequences of this as a child included a restless night from sugar rush and a severe scolding from his mother if she ever caught him. Fortunately for the fox, his teeth never turned yellow, but his breath did start to stink after a while of eating junk. It was still worth it, Dolby thought to himself, just because the taste was so interesting to him. 

	Before Dolby could reminisce anymore, he found himself sitting in a little crater he made! Dolby blushed slightly as he licked his brown lips, realizing he had eaten past the sugar grass and into the earth, which was made out of brownies! All of a sudden, Dolby groaned and bent over, rubbing his swollen stomach. He had eaten much more than he planned on, and taking the trip down memory lane only distracted Dolby from realizing how much he actually ate. Whining softly, the poor fox gingerly massaged his white gut. "Oh man, I really gotta find a way out of here soon, before I eat myself into immobility!" Little did he know that he wasn't on Earth anymore, but on a nearby artificial planet, with two furs in white lab coats watching him via an orbiting satellite..

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11220855/