Dolby, an utterly gigantic pile of lard, decides to think back on what previously happened in an attempt to regain his lost memory from the falling incident back in Part 4. Despite being the largest thing on the planet, the pink fox still has quite a way to go...

I just wanna say thank you all for the support you gave me on Part 4. It really means a lot, seeing all those comments. I really hope you guys like this part as much as the last one ^^ (also, the comments on this submission won't change how fat Dolby will be in the next part. I think we all know how big he's gonna get~) 

Dolby belongs to  mrfoxboy



Entry: 05
Day: 29 Month: 4 Year: 3

	I felt so… guilt-ridden. We are allowing this vulpine to grow into unreal proportions, it’s insanity! His body is over 99% pure lard, and every day, for the past damn week, it’s been increasing! How did this happen? I was merely fulfilling my role of obtaining and observing the test subject, not causing him to gain so much blubber he became immobile! Not only that, but he is still finding ways to pack even more food into that fat stomach of his! Even though he weighs around 10395 pounds, the experiment isn’t suffering any symptoms related to morbid obesity. Despite being 100% immobile, the fox’s heart rate and breathing is average, maybe even better! Maybe Zane is right, and all foxes are meant to be this fat…

	Right now I’m viewing the fox from space... without the aid of an instrument! Granted, compared to the planet, he’s still quite small, but the fact that he sticks out must mean he’s hundreds of miles long! It’s almost like looking at a pink M&M on a large cookie. How much bigger is he going to get…?

	Dolby belched loudly, the roar echoing for miles along the planet while causing the humongous fox’s gelatinous body to quiver and jiggle, shaking his lake of a belly. He smiled as his pink stomach, now the new horizon, continued to slosh around noisily. "This is the life" Dolby moaned happily, his voice sounding lower and thicker, like chocolate syrup. "An entire edible planet, just for me. I feel like a good!" Dolby's river of chins' quivered with every word he made, his elephant-sized cheeks inflated with every breath he took. Somewhere beneath miles and miles of flab, his tail wagged. Seeing as it will probably be a while before he can eat another nearby island, the flabulous fox decided to reflect back on what he remembered…

	Dolby remembered his name, of course, as well as the fact that he recently knocked his head hard enough to lose his memory in the first place. The remembrances ended there, however; anything before that point was completely blank. The large pink fox woke up from the accident rubbing his bruised head with a pudgy paw. "Owwww! That hurt!" Dolby whimpered, trying to get up. He only succeeded, however, in face planting into his own titanic belly, squishing his moobs and rolls! Dolby gasped and leaned back, staring at his stomach, as well as his inflated body. "Surely I'd remember being this big…" Dolby whispered to himself.

	The fat fox was definitely immobile now, no question about it! After digesting the gummy earthworms, his stomach swelled up to epic proportions, blocking out Dolby's view of what's in front of him! The obese fox lifted his tree trunk arms and squeezed his stomach, feeling it squish into his chubby paws. "Wow… it feels like a thousand pound sack of Jell-O" Dolby muttered before his arms suddenly collapsed with a loud thump sending a shockwave of fat to ripple across his entire body. "Oof! Why are my arms so heavy?" Dolby whined, struggling to lift them again but to no avail, the foot-wide arms simply refusing to move! The whale of a fox grunted and continued trying to raise his arms, leaning forward and causing his stomach rolls to bunch up, before leaning back and panting noisey, his immense belly swelling up and down. "C'mon *pant pant pant* I can't be immobile *wheeze* yet!" Dolby gasped, feeling his chins wobble against his thick neck and chest from talking. Before he could try again, however, another peril suddenly made its way evident to Dolby…

	Dolby's ears perked up suddenly, hearing the sound of rushing water. Biting his lip, the obese fox quickly turned around, looking desperatly for the source of the noise, his face jiggling from the movement. "W-what's going on?" The poor pink fox cautiously asked, starting to shiver, sending tiny ripples throughout his obese body. Fearing for his life, Dolby curled up into a giant pink ball and hugged his blobby body tightly, trying to comfort himself. Despite the dread of the oncoming water, Dolby felt very secure and comforted by holding onto himself, feeling his blobby arms sink into his small hill of a belly, amazed at how soft his body became! "If I make it out of this," muttered Dolby, half muffled, "I'll try and get even fatter!"

	And then the water hit.

	Dolby yapped as he was suddenly swept off his back, the water (which tasted ironically like Sierra Mist) rushing swiftly through the cave! The spherical fox yelped and whined as he was tossed around at first before his blubber caused him to rise to the surface. Gasping for breath, Dolby flailed around, causing his massive body to jiggle as he floated down the rapidly moving soda river. "W-Where am I going?" The obese pink fox asked to no one in particular. Without any alternative, Dolby stopped struggling and kept still on his back as the soda river carried him through the dark chocolate cave.

	Suddenly, a bright flash of light appeared! Dolby shielded his eyes as he quickly floated towards the exit… only to have his fat stomach block him! The corpulent canine gasped and tried pushing his flab through, but to no avail; his 6 foot belly is just too big! Panic started to overtake him as the soda river started to rise, slowly covering the fox's porky face. Dolby gasped and held his breath, his chubby cheeks stretching out further as they contained his last breath. Seconds ticked by slowly as his cheeks slowly grew red, his flabby stomach not bulging an inch! Dolby pushed and pushed at his enormous belly, trying desperately to push his 2 ton stomach through, but to no avail. With no other choice left, Dolby closed his eyes… and opened his maw.

	Instantly the soda flowed into his maw like a vortex, forcing its way down his throat into his belly. From underwater, Dolby drank and drank, watching as his belly started swelling up even larger, his flab squishing around the exit's edges. Despite the fox's inflation, the soda continued to rush in faster and faster, causing the rocks around the exit to crumble and give way to his immense belly. The pressure inside Dolby's stomach grew more and more intense as he drank, filling up his stomach more full than ever before! The rotund fox's eyes squeezed shut as he grimaced in pain, ready to blow at any moment…

	BOOM! Dolby suddenly shot through the chocolate cave's exit, followed by a large waterfall of Sierra Mist. The portly fox landed on the side of the mountain with a loud plop and immediately starting rolling down, sloshing and jiggling noisily. Dolby grunted several times as he slowly rolled down, his body saying and rippling like an incredible beach ball inflated with water. Dolby started to get dizzy until he suddenly rolled right back into the expansive Sierra Mist river at the bottom of the mountain, now traveling at a more leisurely pace. Filled to the brim with soda, the round fox hiccupped once before passing out…

	With a groan, Dolby woke up and tried rubbing his aching head…only to find his arm too bloated to reach! With a gasp, the over-indulged pink fox tried reaching again, finding his thick arm fold deep folds just from bending slightly. Ears folded, Dolby tried to look himself over. Sure enough, his body grew even fatter! His rear could now barely fit on the back of a pickup truck, with ass cheeks the size of truck tires. His useless blobby legs forced to spread out to accommodate his larger, 8 foot round belly. His face cheeks were nearly the size of frying pans, even his muzzle had rolls now! "I would wave mobility goodbye, if I could move my arms" Dolby grunted.

	After taking note of his new body, Dolby suddenly became aware of his new surroundings. The soothing sound of running water filled the air as the Sierra Mist river ran all around where the blob lie. Using his pudgy paws, Dolby grabbed at the sand he was lying on, feeling not sand, but Nerds the candy flow through his sausage-like fingers. "Ah, must be a candy island" Dolby muttered to himself, the simple act of talking causing his stomach to jiggle. Without warning, his gut let out a mighty growl, shaking not only his body, but the entire 30 square foot isle as well! With a smirk, Dolby patted the side of his thick tummy, stroking his wide love handles. "Well, I guess it's time to get fatter."

	It took Dolby a mere few weeks to completely devour the island, leaving him bigger and heavier than the island originally was! Thus began a cycle of constant devouring. Dolby will float on the mile wide river until washing up on an island. Once he washed up, the greedy fox will eat, eat, and eat some more, growing blobbier by the minute! When the island was finally devoured, Dolby will continue floating, several times fatter than before! In no time at all, Dolby will inches to his frame, then feet, then miles! His enormous arms and legs soon grew completely useless as they became swallowed up by the growing sea of fox flab, replaced with extra rolls. "I don't need them anyways" The massive fox thought, too lazy to open his mouth for anything other than to eat. It wasn't long before his vast ass started damming the large river, blocking the soda flow completely. Dolby, however, wasn't concerned as he opened his maw, letting the entire river flow into his maw just like last time. This time, however, the fox's stomach has expanded enough to handle the large intake of fluids…

	Dolby smiled as he reflected the past, thick dimples forming in his giant cheeks. "Ah, those were the days… just too bad I'm too fat to eat anything now" Dolby whimpered, a large growl erupting from somewhere within the endless sea of rolls. "I guess there's nothing left for me to do but lose all this weight and start over again," Dolby sighed, wishing he could just have one more bite of chocolate, one more nibble of candy, or one more sip of soda…

	The pink fox's ears, the only limbs that have yet to be buried underneath his flab, suddenly erected as Dolby looked around. From several miles away, the corpulent fox could feel several creatures crawling, or rather swimming, on his ocean of blubber, each creature making a bee line for his head! He whimpered fearfully, wondering if it could be a pack of wild wolves, or worse: Someone who would try and take him away from this perfect planet! Not before long, Dolby's keen eyesight made out several colorful figures on the horizon, all swarming to his maw while holding something. "This is it…" Dolby whined. "This is how it all ends…"

	Half an hour later, the closest figure sloshed through Dolby's lard and stood on top of the fox's stubby muzzle. His eyes went wide at who it was. It was a wolf all right, a gummy one! Dolby stared at the colorful lupine, curious as to what he was doing here and why he was holding something green. "W-who are y- gack!" Dolby gasped as the gummy wolf shoved the green, lime tasting candy down the fox's throat, forcing him to swallow him. No sooner did he open his mouth to breathe did another wolf stuffed a similar looking candy into the fox's mouth! Dolby looked around as he ate, feeling hundreds and hundreds of gummy wolves swarm his amazing belly, all carrying a piece of the planet, sacrificing their world just to help the fox grow! Dolby's original look of shock was soon replaced with a look of pure greed. "Don't stop feeding me! I am your god now, and I demand more food!!!"

Quid mihi fecit?

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/12009548/