Note to self: Don't ever try and give the letters a blue outline on my thumbnails anymore, it takes WAY too much effort.

This started out as a commission for  strowh but seeing as how he's been in an awful mood lately I turned it into a gift. Here's to you big bro!

Seeing as how Denya's early morning runs tend to be quite destructive, Spikes decides to slow him down with a little magic. However, once the magic really kicks in, it turns into a much bigger problem than any of them expected.

Contains TONS of weight gain, much more than my usual near-immobility stories. Reader beware



	Denya puffed his chest out as he stood atop a grassy hill, inhaling as much as possible before letting it all out in one gasp. Being an avid runner, the muscular draolf knew that deep breathing was just as important as stretching, if not more so. Despite wearing a thick brown jacket, Denya couldn't help but shudder as the icy cool air entered his mouth yet again, chilling him to the bone. Once his deep breathing exercises were out of the way, he arched his right arm over his head and leaned down, surveying the large city by the hill.

	"Let's see… I think I'll start down at Lindsey and run a few miles north before turning right on Gilbert. After that, maybe I'll turn left around ten miles in and continue until I reach the city limits. That should do it for a warm up. Maybe I'll stop halfway and grab a bite to eat at Kazan's subs. He knows better than to say no to me," Denya thought with a mischievous smirk, licking his lips at the thought of either eating some tasty sandwiches or the shop keep. 

	Once warm-up stretches were out of the way, Denya finally unzipped his jacket and discarded it, tossing it up to the nearest tree. With a sigh of relief, the draolf felt his black wings unfurl, the fur rustling slightly in the wind. As soon as he felt ready, Denya crouched down and leaned forward, his wings flapping slowly at first before picking up speed. Faster and faster and faster they flapped, generating an impressive amount of wind around the buff dragon-wolf. Within seconds, his jet-black wings transformed into a blur behind the draolf, his feet almost rising off the ground from the amount of lift he was generating. While the wings flapped faster, Denya's heart pumped harder, adrenaline and endorphins coursing through his veins, his body temperature rising to the point of almost being too hot to touch his skin. "Oh yeah, that feels good," Denya moaned as he opened his green eyes wide, his pupils narrowing into a thin line. Once he felt ready, the hyperactive draolf rocketed down the hill at breakneck speeds, almost tearing the nearby tree off its roots!

	Denya grinned savagely as he raced through the crowded streets, running over 80 miles an hour. As he accelerated, the speedy dragon-wolf's legs moved faster and faster until they blurred together, his arms laid flat against his side to prevent any air resistances from slowing him down. Many furs scrambled to get out of the way of the rampaging draolf, holding tight to anything precious before the oncoming wind swept it away. Despite the worried shouts and screams, Denya continued on his fast-paced run, feeling the cool air whip his blond hair back and his adrenaline-fueled muscles tightening with every step he took. Even if he couldn't fly, Denya surely knew what it felt like to soar. Feeling a sudden burst of energy rush to his head, the black and grey draolf let out a very long howl as he pushed himself to go even faster, already reaching Gilbert road. He felt so powerful, so free, so unstoppable! A truly fine example of what a demigod is capable of. Nothing could stand in his way now, he was free to do as he pleased!

	Laughing maniacally to himself, Denya didn't notice a dark figure in the middle of the road until it was too late. With one fell swoop, the creature managed to snatch the speeding draolf by the tip of his tail and hold him upside down, the sudden deceleration almost enough to make him pass out. Swaying wildly by his tail, Denya squirmed and tried wrestling himself out of whoever was grabbing him, his eyes widening briefly in fear before hardening in annoyance as he glanced at who was holding him. "Hey! Lemme go, Spikes!" 

	If there was any fur that Denya found the least bit intimidating, it was his older brother. Standing nearly a foot and a half taller than the young draolf, Spikes looked every bit as fierce as one would imagine a draolf god would be. His massive black wings stretched wider than Denya was tall, his blood-red eyes almost glowed as he stared at his younger brother in anger, his two horns poking out through his thick black hair, sharp enough to pierce someone if he was in the mood for a head butt. "What are you doing, Denya?" Spikes asked in a very annoyed tone, his tail twitching with suppressed anger. 

	Denya growled and eventually managed to break himself free of his brother's grip, landing on his hands and somersaulting into a standing position. "I'm running like I do every day. Some of us have to actually work to keep our figures, unlike you gods," the younger draolf muttered as he crossed his arms, looking up at his brother. Compared to Spikes, Denya was practically a twig, his body paling in comparison to the other draolf's bulky body. Muscle practically bulged out of the god's arms just from holding them at his side, his six-pack abs hard enough to crush boulders if he felt like body-slamming one. 

	"Denya, we've talked about this. You can't destroy the city just to work out," Spikes scowled, looking at the wreckage behind Denya. Cars overturned, windows shattered, cracks on the building and pavement. Even on Denya's standards, that was a lot of damage just for a run.

	"It's not my fault everything in this place falls apart if someone walks by," Denya grumbled as he tapped his feet, anxious to get back to his running. "Besides, it's not like anyone's gotten hurt."

	"Yes, but-"

	"But nothing! For the past week, I've been trying to run at least once around the city and every time I do you stop me. I'm trying to have fun in this boring-as-hell city and you won't let me! Well, enough is enough, I'm gonna keep running whether you like it or not!!"

	Denya's ears folded as he realized he may have overstepped his boundary a bit. He practicly felt himself shrinking as Spikes' red eyes bore into his own, a faint glow emanating from them like they did every time he was enraged. Even with his own adrenaline coursing through his veins, the younger draolf could literally feel the pent up energy emanating from the buff god. In the back of his head, Denya knew he should probably try to escape before his brother took out his rage on him. 

	Too late.

	Faster than the eye could blink, Spikes' arm shot out and grabbed Denya by the scruff and lifted him into the air with ease as if he were a puppy. With his free paw, the powerful draolf concentrated some of his limitless energy into it, his black hand suddenly igniting into a giant ball of flame. Denya watched in shock as the flaming sphere gradually shrunk in size, yet still somehow retained its power. "W-what are you doing?" Denya trembled as the fireball contracted to the size of a sugar cube. 

	"Giving you something to slow you down with," Spikes explained in a dangerously calm voice as he lunged his paw into Denya's maw and held it there, forcing his little brother to eat the strange ball of energy. He could feel the young draolf shudder in his paw, the fireball traveled down his throat and into his stomach. Satisfied with his work, the larger draolf dropped his brother and looked down at him with a startling sneer. "I can't have you wrecking up the city day after day, so I gave you something to help control your power. You're free to run as much as you please, just remember to take a break every now and then," Spikes chuckled, relishing in Denya's confused yet horrified facial expression before flying off.

	"Uh… ok then," was all the dragon-wolf could mutter as he stared at the spot where Spikes was just standing, his mind reeling as it tried to process what just happened.  One moment, the large draolf was ready to pummel his face in, and then suddenly he just stuffs some strange fire in his maw and vanishes. Still not believing he was let off that easy, Denya looked down and rubbed his body, checking to make sure he wouldn't explode at any moment. "Huh… talk about being passive aggressive. I bet that was just his way of apologizing about being so moody. Any moment now, whatever he stuffed inside me is gonna combine with my powers and make me a full on god just like him! Now I can get double subs at Kazan's!" Denya exclaimed with a smirk, licking his chops hungrily. As if on cue, his muscular stomach let out a single deep grumble. 

	And another one…

	And another one…

	And another one…

	"What the hell?" Denya exclaimed as he poked his abs, wondering if all that power was giving him indigestion. Once his claw made contact with his grey stomach, his prided six-pack suddenly ballooned another inch outwards. "Woah! Now that's more like it!" The muscular draolf grinned as he patted his belly happily and looked downwards again, checking his growth. In less than a second, Denya's mood went from eager and confident to downright terrified. His buff stomach continued to bloat outwards but with something that clearly wasn't muscle. The demigod draolf watched in horror as his abs grew less and less prominent, his six-pack transforming into a potbelly!

	"W-what the hell is happening?" Denya screamed as he prodded his tummy experimentally, sending small ripples across his entire body. Years and years of hard work and dedication flew right out the window as his body constantly destroyed its once slender frame, making him gain over a pound a second. The same gain soon spread to the rest of his body as well, coating his large, muscled figure with an extra layer of adipose. His once chiseled face began to soften up from the weight gain, his angular jaw growing round and bulbous. Even his large, dragon tail wasn't spared from the sudden expansion as it received its own share of blubber, thickening to a size wider than most fur's thighs. "Gwaaaaar! Dammit, Spikes! This isn't funny!" Seething with anger, the bloated draolf flapped his massive wings and took off down the street as fast as he could, buildings flying by him within seconds as he looked high and low for his older brother.



	The laughter alone was humiliating enough. With every street Denya passed, he felt his belly get broader, his tail grow wider, his rear expand outwards. Once his thighs rubbed against each other, the gaining draolf was forced to slow down to a steady jog instead, and then into a painful waddle. Even with an awkward gait, Denya could still easily beat an Olympian in a foot race, but now that the citizens could finally catch a glimpse of the draolf who caused them so much damage on a daily basis, nothing would stop them from pointing and teasing the fattening villain. A few brave souls even dared to throw pebbles at his large grey stomach, watching them bounce harmlessly off his fattened frame. Huffing and puffing, the out-of-shape draolf bent over to take a breather as he looked at the signs above him, ignoring a female cat's gasp of surprise as his pants ripped right off. "Phew… alright, let's see how far I made it... I'm still on Brown? Are you serious?" Denya exclaimed as he looked at the sign with a murderous rage, wanting more than ever to blast the metal pole to oblivion. The pot-bellied draolf still had another 3 miles to go until he caught up to Spikes, and that was only if he was still home! Already he could feel his large stomach droop past his crotch, swelling and deflating -but mostly swelling- with every breath he took. With a very frustrated huff, Denya looked up and continued his jog, praying he wouldn't have to roll the rest of the way soon.



	"Today has been a wonderful day," Kazan thought to himself with a grin as he walked outside form his sandwich shop to his front patio, carrying the daily newspaper in one paw and a cup of coffee in the other. Pulling out a seat for himself, the blue and green wolf made himself cozy and opened up the paper, glad to finally get a chance to read after a busy day at work. Naturally, the first article he noticed was one with a picture of a half-destroyed street with the headlines "Denya the Demigod Draolf Displays Destructive Demeanor" in bold italics. "Hmm, guess he's at it again," Kazan muttered to himself as he took a long sip of his coffee, instantly feeling a small jolt of energy. Black coffee is the best coffee after all. "Speaking of destructive draolves, shouldn't Denya have been here by now?" The canine said aloud as he peered down the street, wondering why his daily 'customer' hadn't arrived yet. After every run, Denya would make a beeline to his shop and demand several BLTs in exchange for not swallowing Kazan. Had something happened to him? Maybe he finally decided to run somewhere else. "Pfft, who cares? Just as long as I don't get threatened for once, Denya can face-plant into a brick wall for all I care," Kazan said to himself with a chortle as he lifted his cup of Joe for another sip. Looking down, however, the sandwich maker noticed several ripples on the surface of his coffee. "Huh, is it an earthquake?" Kazan asked himself as he stood upright, checking to see if anyone else was reacting to it too. Looking left and right, the blue and green wolf scanned up and down the streets until his eyes settled on a single, strange sphere… Kazan gasped once he got a closer look at what that thing was, his cup of coffee shattering as it hit the floor. "Denya? Is that you?"

	Kazan's jaw nearly dropped to the floor as he watched Denya waddle by, feeling the ground shake beneath him every time whale of a draolf stepped with a loud Thump! The wolf had seen some hefty furs enter his shop before, but none of them held a candle compared to the immense draolf waddling before him. Kazan could come up with few words to describe Denya, but obese was definitely one of them! His softball-sized cheeks bounced and squished against his muzzle with every step he took, giving him the appearance of an over-fed pig rather than a powerful demigod. His massive black arms were wider than most fur's waistlines, his titanic thighs somewhat bruised from how often they smeared and pressed together, even with his legs far apart. Denya's massive behind wobbled and jiggled with every labored step he took, his beachball-sized butt cheeks bouncing and rubbing against each other. His tail wasn't spared from his tremendous weight gain either as it dragged lazily on the ground, leaving behind a trail 3 feet wide. His newly acquired pillow-sized moobs rested lazily on his stomach, easily obstructing his view no matter where he looked. The blob of a draolf's back was almost as broad as a barn door, wider than even his once-impressive wingspan.  His stomach, however, was the true star of the show. With nearly a 6-foot diameter, it was clearly the largest part of his fattened body. There wasn't a single second where it didn't slosh and wobble like an overfilled water balloon, his deep bellybutton almost grazing against the floor as he walked. Add love handles wide enough to support even his massive arms and more folds on his sides than legs on an octopus and you got a recipe for the fattest draolf Kazan had ever seen! Seeing the once muscular draolf swell up 10 times his size, the sandwich maker could only do one thing: point and laugh.

	"Waahaha! What the hell happened to you, Denya? Did you eat a sofa?!" Kazan exclaimed as he doubled over, using his knees to support his paws from how fiercely he was laughing.

	Denya stopped waddling briefly to turn his head towards the source of that atrocious sound, his chins and cheeks jiggling from the sudden movement. "Hey! You better watch your mouth Kazan or I'll-"

	"You'll what? Eat me? I think you've eaten more than enough, fatass!" The blue and green wolf yelled as he fell over onto his back, his sides hurting due to his extensive laughter.

	Denya's round cheeks blushed bright red as he realized that was exactly what he was about to say. Threatening to vore others when you're half the size of a car wasn't the most intimidating threat. With a deep growl, the obese draolf dug his paws into his squishy grey belly, his paws sinking in up to his wrist. "It's bad enough I'm the laughingstock of the whole town, but why did Spikes have to make me so huge? It's like I'm practically swimming in my own fat just by moving!" Denya muttered to himself as he looked down at his gut, feeling his chins bunch up. "I better get home quickly, before anyone else sees me this big!"

	Ignoring Kazan's constant jabs at his weight, Denya spread his wings out and began flapping them rapidly, attempting to spread adrenaline throughout his body once again. Unfortunately for him, the morbidly obese draolf's wings were also covered in lard, making them puffy and somewhat difficult to move. With each flap, Denya felt another wave of flab ripple across his entire body, the next one always bigger than the previous one. Just standing up was starting to become a challenge as his flabby form wobbled back and forth like water in a bathtub. Buried beneath several feet of lard, Denya's heart began beating furiously, pumping adrenaline across his entire body as his wings flapped faster. Despite weighing over ten times is original weight, the lardaceous draolf couldn't help but sigh in bliss as the warm feeling traveled throughout his swollen limbs, his rolls getting somewhat sweaty from the rise in body temperature. Being so fat wasn't as bad as he thought it would be; in fact it felt somewhat good! It gave him a sort-of dominating presence, as if he was bigger than he really was. Denya had always dreamt of having a fantastically large body like his older brother in order to intimidate the mortals, maybe this was the next thing. "When I get home, I might ask Spikes to let me keep a little bit of this," Denya thought to himself as he looked down at his humongous belly, giving it a few gentle pats. "But right now, I gotta show everyone once again why I should be feared!"

	And that's just what he did… although not quite the way he expected.

	With a gasp, Denya stopped flapping his wings as he fell onto his bloated behind, looking down at himself in shock. His weight gain had been somewhat passive the last few hours, but now it suddenly took a turn for the worse. The rotund draolf watched in dismay as his entire form expanded rapidly, hundreds of pounds of flab added to his body every second. Whatever magic Spikes had infused inside of him was apparently working overtime, causing an exponential increase in Denya's weight gain. Completely helpless to the sudden change of events, the horrified draolf was forced to stare at his ever increasing bulk, his large belly sliding across the pavement as it grew wider and wider. "Aw crap! I gotta get home now!" Denya yelled as he tried running home, his expanding rump lifting his thick legs higher and higher into the air. Even with his increased strength, the swelling demigod's legs moved slower and slower until eventually stopping, now as wide as Denya had been a few moments ago. "Oh man, this can't possibly get worse," he whimpered as he felt his swelling sides brush against the two nearest buildings, followed by a yell as Kazan took off as fast as he could.

	Naturally, as with Denya's luck, it did get worse. The only good news for him was he had the best seat in the house for watching his weight gain spiral out of control. His generous rump allowed him to rise higher and higher like dough, providing him with a much better vantage point to watch his stomach blimp out in front of him, knocking over buildings like a grey furry tidal wave. His infinite number of chins slowly congealed into one massive ring of flesh, resting almost halfway down his massive chest. His adipose-laden tail quickly vanished behind countless back rolls, giving him a more blob-like appearance. His widening cheeks continued to bulge against the sides of his muzzle, making it almost impossible to see himself swell fatter and fatter. 

	But when one sense is lost, the others are heightened dramatically. Denya could feel every single building his gelatinous furry body made contact with, his rolls squishing heavily against the metal objects before crushing them completely with sheer force and weight, leaving the scattered debris strewn across his rolls. Judging on what he sensed alone, Denya imagined himself to be over several miles wide and still growing, the edge of his stomach digging up several buildings five streets down. He could feel every extra layer of lard added to his already-massive body, turning him into an even more indistinguishable pile of fatty rolls. Most of all, he could feel himself enjoying it more and more.

	If Denya could move even a single muscle on his body, he would grin from ear to ear as the tons kept piling on. It felt so good to be big, an almost-impossible-to-ignore mountain defining the true definition of gluttony. Perhaps it was the after effects of forcing adrenaline into his bloodstream, but the behemoth of a draolf only wanted more! His inner dragon was virtually screaming to grow, its greed rising exponentially along with its owner's body. 

	All good things must come to an end, however, as Denya reached the climax of his growth, his girth endlessly rippling and jiggling like a grey ocean at high tide. His massive tail, buried underneath his flabby back rolls, was roughly the size of a blue whale and almost twice as heavy as one. His humongous butt bulged out behind him just as far as his belly did in front of him, each cheek the size of a Super Bowl stadium. Denya's tummy was enormous, an endless mass of squishy folds that stretched as far as the eye could see. His ears had managed to find a way to grow bulkier as well, now too heavy to lift. Even his forehead felt fatter as well, becoming more of a hindrance to his already lackluster vision. Not a single inch of Denya was spared from his incredible expansion. Come to think of it, his eyelids felt somewhat heavy as well. 

	The sudden presence of a fur on his chins was the only thing that prevented Denya from falling asleep on the spot. Squinting his eyes, the whale of a draolf could briefly make out a black smudge amidst the sea of grey. Spikes. 

	"Well, I see you somehow still managed to destroy the city even with my interference," The muscular draolf said softly as he lazily nudged his brother's flab around with his foot. Just by looking, Denya could tell Spikes wasn't actually standing on him, just hovering, otherwise he would have sunk down in his chins past his ears. Denya tried to tell Spikes he was innocent, never intending to swell up to the size of the city he lived in, but all that came out of his muzzle were whimpers and whines.

	As if reading his thoughts, the black draolf chuckled and floated closer to his brother's pudgy face, taking a seat on his puffy cheek. "Heh, I suppose it is my fault you ended up so… vast. Not even I knew my magic would be so potent," Spikes said with a playful smirk, ruffling Denya's blond hair. The fatter draolf widened his eyes in shock at his older brother's casual demeanor. He expected Spikes to be downright furious that the remains of their city lay scattered across Denya's folds, yet somehow that was not the case.

	"Oh, I'm still mad, Denya," Spikes muttered, once again reading his brother's mind. "Despite my constant warnings, you still did the one thing I asked you not too, but I suppose there's nothing we can do about it now. If anything, I should be grateful! "Chuckling softly, the muscular draolf floated in front of Denya yet again, his red eyes twinkling devilishly as he held a pawful of the same fire cubes he force-fed his "little" brother that started this entire predicament."It gives me an excuse to punish you more!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/15578472/