Disclaimer: Yes, I'm aware the title is horrible and yes, I'm aware I butchered the lore to the actual story. This is what happens when your boyfriend makes you write a story in 2 hours and gives you like 10 minutes of heads up time, I couldn't research enough info lol.

All joking aside, I hope you all enjoy this hastily written story. It was a ton of fun to speed write this ^^

Warning: Mild Violence and swearing. 



Fame. Fortune. Knowledge.

	Those things and more were promised to be found in Yharnam, a long-abandoned gothic city said to have been the birthplace of a cure for any disease. Travelers from all over the world would undertake the arduous journey to find this ancient town in the hopes of unraveling the mysteries behind its downfall, as well as discovering the miracle cure for themselves to sell to worldwide markets. Whether it was wealth, glory, or intelligence, treasure hunters from around the globe would stop at nothing to look for this mystical city, it's glamour and mystery second only to El Dorado.

	Victor Vissali was one such explorer, the brown dire wolf bearing a strong build and a heavy wallet to signify his success in his field. Carrying little more than his tight, leather pants, from-fitting shirt with a cape that flows from his shoulders to his waist, and a triangular shaped hat, the muscular canine felt confident that he would be the one to solve the mysteries behind Yharnam and claim its treasure for himself. 

	Approaching the rusted iron gates, Victor was met with the foul-stench of rotten meat, forcing him to place a large paw over his sensitive nose. He knew Yharnam would be decrepit, but he never actually imagined the ancient city would still have corpses lying around. While being used to high-stakes adventures, the earth-hued wolf hesitated slightly at the thought of treading over dead bodies just to search for a treasure that may or may not still exist. Taking a deep breath and reminding himself about the other times he was rewarded for pursuing a "foolish quest," Victor grabbed the ice-cold handles on the gate and pushed, his muscles bulging as he heaved open the rustic piece of metal. The brown canine's heart began beating rapidly as the sense of adventure and curiosity took over, fueling his body with an adrenalin rush. With one last push, Victor finally hefted the door out of the way and looked inside

	only to be bitten in the neck.

	Victor yelled in pain as a dark creature rushed at him from the inside, sinking it's fangs into his exposed neck. Stumbling onto his rear, the dire wolf managed to shove his assailant off his body, but not before the damage had been done. Blood sprang out from his neck like a geyser, staining his uniform all the way through. Victor's vision started to dim as he watched his neck bleed uncontrollably. Before he could try and stem the blood flow, the massive wolf suddenly passed out, his eyes catching a glimpse of the shadowy beast before closing.

	"Hey, boy."

	Victor moaned as he lay on his back, the young wolf barely making out a voice in the distance.

	"Get up, boy!"

	With a slight groan, the brown canine tried to open his eyes, squinting heavily as the bright light dominated his vision.

	"I said get up!"

	A sudden kick to the ribs knocked some sense into Victor, the injured explorer quickly scrambling onto his feet to meet his assailant. 

	To his surprise, he saw nobody, at least not someone close enough to strike him. Sitting several feet away was an ancient rabbit, rocking back and forth on a rocking chair while wearing an amused grin on his face. "Eeheheh, you can move pretty quick when someone whacks you, huh?"

	The only response the old hare got from Victor was a face of complete confusion, the brown wolf's head looking around franticly as he tried to gather his bearings. From what he could see, the dire wolf was far away from Yharnam, or any other land mark he could remember. Instead of large, decrepit buildings and rusted metal gates, Victor was surrounded by tall grass and flowers, with a single cobblestone path running through the area, leading to a large shack on top of a hill. Sitting right outside the shack was the ancient rabbit, looking just as worndown as the city Victor came from. The old creature's clothing had several holes in them, as did his ears and limbs. He appeared to be missing a few teeth, although it was hard to tell, given how much facial hair the rabbit had accumulated. Standing next to the old being was a life-sized doll of a female white wolf, wearing a bonnet and a blouse to give it a motherly appearance.

	Multiple questions danced around inside of Victor's head as he stared at his new surroundings. How did he get to this place? What was that beast that bit his neck? Why wasn't he in pain after being attacked? Who was the ancient rabbit, and how did he manage to kick Victor from his chair 10 feet away? Despite the seemingly endless questions, the confused wolf could only ask one thing. "Am I dead?"

	The ancient rabbit let out a wheezy laugh, looking quite amused with the poor canine's ignorance. "Eeeheheh! Of course you are, although that term is relative depending on how you view it," he answered casually, as if he were simply giving out the time of day. Sensing his answer didn't clarify much at all, the old being continued speaking. "You're in a place called Hunter's Dream. It's where the hunters of old would gather to after a hard day's work of cleansing Yharnam from the foul beasts that dwell there. In other words, as long as you plan on staying in Yharnam, this will be your home."

	Not waiting for a response from the startled wolf, the rabbit raised his boney hand and let out a noisy snap. Without warning, several skeletons started crawling out from the ground, all of whom looked up at Victor with hollow, pleading eyes. Startled to see more monsters, the dire wolf raised his fists and took up a defensive stance, but lowered his guard as he noticed what the boney creatures were doing.

	Several large, metallic tools were presented to the wolf, as if being offered. With curiosity overtaking his fear, Victor bent over and observed the strange creations, grabbing at what looked like a saw with an overly long handle and rotating it in his paws.

	"Eeeheheh, I see you have a good eye for weapons," the ancient bunny chuckled as he rocked in his chair. "Since I haven't seen a hunter like yourself in years, I've decided to give you a little gift. You may choose one weapon to keep for yourself, but be warned: once you make a choice, you cannot change your-"

	The old rabbit's speech was cut short as Victor suddenly stood up, holding his new weapon in paw: a simple sword with a sheath that doubled as a giant hammer. Raising his eyebrow, the wise creature leaned forward. "Are you sure you want the Kirk Hammer? While mighty and powerful, it's a rather slow and cumbersome weapon that could leave you ti-"

	"Yes, I want the Kirk Hammer," Victor scowled as he slung the massive weapon onto his broad back, scowling. "I'm not exactly a delicate flower here, pops. I once stopped a rampaging bull in my village with nothing but my two paws. I can handle anything, no matter how big and heavy it may be."

	  The white rabbit's amused expression quickly changed to one of pure annoyance after being interrupted twice to listen to the wolf's boats. "Your overconfidence will be your own downfall, boy! Nothing has prepared you for the horrors you are about to see in Yharnam! But, if you're certain you're up to the task, then so be it. Let's just see how long you can handle something that grows bigger and heavier before you collapse!" The ancient being suddenly let out a loud cackle, his laughter growing in volume. Overtaken by the increasing scale of the guffawing, Victor clutched his ears and fell on his knees, his vision distorted from a sudden headache, before eventually passing out for the second time that day. 

	The brawny dire wolf grumbled weakly as his vision slowly returned. Victor watched as the skeletons from before continue to carry him through the Earth, as if his body were intangible. With one more push, he was shoved onto the ground, his giant Kirk Hammer landing next to him. Growling multiple obscenities, Victor slowly gathered his wits and stood up, dusting off any dirt from his trousers. "Hey, next time you carry me through the ground, make sure you don't shove me off at the end, alright?" the wolf asked in a grumpy tone while grabbing for his weapon. To his surprise, the miniature skeletons nodded and gave him a boney thumbs up before retracting back into the ground, the only sign of their existence being a small lantern casting an unearthly glow. 

	"That was… interesting," Victor muttered to himself as he turned his head around, observing his surroundings. He was back at the entrance to Yharnam, alone in the middle of a long paved road, surrounded by tall brick buildings.

	Well, he was mostly alone. The shadowy beast that attacked him earlier was still prowling the area, snaring viciously as it turned to see it's pray standing all alone.

	"Oh, don't look at me like that. We both know this won't end well for you," Victor grinned cockily, hoisting his hammer on his right shoulder. "I'm gonna drive you into the ground like a nail!"

	Startled by the sudden shout, the feral monster began galloping down the road, it's claws tearing up the pavement as it barreled down towards his aggressor. Taking a deep breath, Victor spread his legs apart and gripped his Kirk Hammer tightly, holding the massive metal weapon behind his back. As the beast drew closer, Victor took a step closer, bending his knees in a 60 degree angle, waiting for his opportunity to strike. Just as he finished his stance, the monster, now only a mere 10 feet away, howled and leapt the rest of the way to the wolf. With no time to waste, Victor lifted his hammer and slammed it down as fast he could, smiling in satisfaction as he was rewarded with a satisfying SPLAT!

	Hefting the hammer back onto his back, Victor leaned in close to investigate the damage. The beast's skull had exploded like an orange, scattering blood everywhere in a two foot radius. The top ligaments of its spine were severed as well, blood spewing out from the wound in its neck. The monster let out a garbled whimper of pain before going limp.

	"That could have gone better," Victor muttered to himself as he took off his hat to wipe the blood from his eyes. "Maybe I should have went with the Sawblade, I'm sure that weapon's a bit easier to clean up." Before he could question his decisions further, the brown wolf suddenly felt a strange feeling surging through his body. It was difficult for him to describe, as if his body was absorbing something. Could he be taking the monster's essence for his own?

	Victor looked down at his bloodied self in mild interest. Other than a bit of a tight feeling around his stomach, he looked just fine on the outside. Not one to rule out strange ideas after the events that progressed earlier, however, the dire wolf took it as a sign that killing the beast somehow added power to his body. With a sadistic grin and a new thirst for blood, Victor jogged through the street, excited to embark on this interesting adventure. 

	That interesting adventure almost ended as Victor turned the corner of the street. A loud wail was all the warning the wolf had before being assaulted by another creature from the ally. Victor fell to the floor as an anthro owl struck him with a pitchfork, its eyes unusually yellow, even for an owl. "Get out of my city!" he shouted as he aimed the barbed end of the pitchfork at the wolf and stabbed. 

	Having only seconds to retaliate, Victor pushed himself backwards with his feet just before the pitchfork struck, the dire wolf wincing as the end of the weapon nicked his shin. Rolling back onto his feet, Victor reached back for his weapon and tugged. Realizing the hammer would be cumbersome against a close by opponent, the wolf released the sword from his hammer and slashed out at the owl, the crazed avian letting out a bone-chilling shriek as his pitchfork fell to the ground, along with his severed wing. Not letting up on his assault, Victor hacked and slashed at his opponent, mutilating the mutated beast. After receiving a series of fatal blows, the owl gasped in shock before falling on its knees into a pool of its own blood. 

	"Huff… huff… damn fool. What's a pitchfork supposed to do against me?" Victor growled as he sheathed his sword back into the hammer. Kneeling on one knee, the wolf inspected the owl's corpse before him, looking for any clues as to why he attacked. He didn't look long, as the evidence was plastered on the bloodied beast. The owl looked horribly disfigured, even with the multiple gashes he had received. His feathers were molting, his skin was rotting, and even his beak was covered in strange warts. Another victim of the sickness, no doubt. 

	"Damn fool…" Victor repeated, this time out of pity. Paying his respects, the brown wolf took of his hat and held it against his chest, bowing his head slightly. Soon, the blood-thirsty craving returned as he felt his body grow even more powerful after absorbing the owl's essence. Donning his hat yet again, the wolf ran into the night, slashing his way through the city with a murderous rage.

	For nearly half an hour, Victor continued his rampage through the town, cutting and slamming any monster or infected townsmen who would get in his way. Multiple times, he would receive a painful blow by a marksman, yet he felt nothing once he clobbered the enemy. All the way, the buff wolf could feel himself gaining the essence of his defeated foes, which seemed to center around his midsection. It was until after defeating his 20th zombie that he felt the cold wind brush against his belly fur.

	"That's odd," Victor mumbled to himself as he shoved an anthro cheetah from the edge of his sword. Sheathing the blade, the brown wolf rested a paw on his stomach, his eyes widening with shock and terror.

	"I'm getting… fat?!"

	Victor couldn't even believe the words coming out of his mouth. The dire wolf felt ready to pass out from shock as he poked his bulging belly, watching it swell slightly as he absorbed the cheetah's essence. His shirt now appeared several sizes too small on his heavier frame, his white round stomach exposed to the outside, his shirt unable to cover even his belly button. The damage didn't end there, as he realized his trousers were feeling uncomfortably tight. The extra layers of flab he put on made his strong arms look even buffer, although they felt much softer. Even his face wasn't spared from the strange fattening, his angular muzzle now looking somewhat rounder.

	"This can't be happening…" Victor moaned, the chubby wolf still prodding his squishy stomach. "It took so long to get these muscles… That jackass-alope must have something to do with it! When I get my paws on him, I'll-"

	Victor was interrupted by a series of loud growling from all sides. Looking around, the brown wolf gulped as he saw three more shadowy beasts appear from the alleys, circling him. "Oh, come on! I don't wanna kill you guys. I'll just get fatter!" the muscle gut wolf complained, already feeling his waistline expand. Ignoring the his pleas, the shadow monsters roared at leapt at the canine, who had no choice but to draw his Kirk hammer.

	"Damn it… God damn it…" Victor sighed as he sheathed his weapon, kicking away the corpse of the last monster. With a disgusted scowl, the fat wolf stepped over the three corpses and wondered away, all while staring at the most pressing issue at hand: his gut.

	Defeating the next wave of beasts led to another spike in his weight gain, despite his reluctance to fight. Victor's shirt now rode along the curvature of his belly, which stood out over a foot in front of him. His leggings bore several new tears and holes along the seams, exposing his plump thighs. The muscles on his arms were now invisible underneath several layers of blubber. His plump rear had expanded as well, testing the limits to his pants. Victor's face now sported a pair of chubby cheeks, with a second chin hanging from his muzzle. In a matter of a half an hour, the dire wolf had gone from fit, to chubby, to downright fat! 

	Even walking through the abandoned streets felt humiliating for the hefty canine, who winced as he jiggled every time he took a step. "Some big, strong explorer I am," Victor grumbled as he climbed a set of stairs onto a stone bridge, his thick thighs rubbing against each other, "I look like the only place I've ever raided was the fridge!" So self absorbed he was in his self pity, that he almost failed to notice a familiar sight: a small lantern with a strange white glow.

	Remembering the lantern as his way of leaving Hunter's Dream, the pudgy wolf scrambled over to the light as fast as his fattened body could. As he approached the lantern, a small group a skeletons appeared around the light, as if sensing Victor's presence. Once he reached the lantern, the heavy wolf dropped onto his knees with a thud, resting eye level with the eyeless skull. "Please, take me back to Hunter's Dream! I gotta find a way to reverse this!" he begged, grabbing a chunk of his potbelly and jiggling it.

	Nodding their little heads, the skeletons reached out and pinched the wolf's chubby belly. "Owch!" he yelped, leaping back and rubbing the little bruise on his gut. "You assholes don't have to add insult to injury, ya know!"

	"I'm sorry…?"

	Victor looked up as he heard an unfamiliar voice. Looking around, the hefty canine was surprised to find himself back at the beautiful Hunter's Dream, with the skeletons nowhere to be sighted. The only company he had was the white wolf doll from before, now looking at him with concern in her lifeless eyes.

	Doll or not, Victor couldn't help but feel bashful in front of such a beautiful wolfess. Blushing bright red, the chubby hunter grinned awkwardly and scratched at his flabby back. "Oh, er, never mind… I was looking for a way to reverse… this," he explained, slapping the side of his bouncing white belly. 

	"I see…" the wolf doll responded calmly, her voice sounding like a gentle stream flowing into a pond. Observing the chubby belly, she looked up at the fellow wolf and smiled. "I can infuse the Blood Echoes inside of you and add to your strength, if you'll allow me."
	"…Huh?" was the best response Victor to give. He never heard of the term Blood Echoes before, and frankly, he was a little fed up with blood, seeing as how his too-small uniform was stained a crimson red from it. Hearing about it adding to his strength, however, brought a little hope into his bleak life. If she could make him stronger by taking his Blood Echoes, or whatever it's called, then maybe it would make him lose all the flab and gain even more muscles!

	"Sure, let's do it!" Victor exclaimed, his fluffy tail wagging enthusiastically. 

	"Excellent," the wolf doll smiled, tilting her head slightly to the side. "Now, hold out your paws and close your eyes. This will only take a moment." 

	Swiftly obeying the wolfess, Victor did as he was told, his cheeks still blushing as he felt the white wolf gently grab his hands. Almost immediately, he could feel the muscles in his arms and legs burn slightly, as if he were doing pushups while running a marathon. Soon, the burning subsided into a soothing sensation, cooling down the heat inside of him. Once that was done, Victor felt completely refreshed, with a new feeling of power in his body. Smiling gratefully, the dire wolf released his paws and opened his eyes to look down at his new body

	only to find nothing had changed.

	"W-what's this?! I thought you were going to make me more powerful!" Victor shouted out, enraged to see his physique was still just as plump as before. 

	"But I did make you more powerful," the doll responded calmly, still smiling gently. "I infused the blood echoes and used it to add to your strength. Don't you feel stronger?"

	"I…" Victor started, but then halted as he thought about it for a moment. Fatness aside, he did feel much more powerful than before, so much so that he didn't even feel the lard draped to his body. To test his knew strength; the hefty wolf grabbed at his hammer and held it in his arms, surprised at how light it felt compared to before. 

	It was there and then that Victor made his decision. It didn't matter if he was a blubbering ball of pudge. The only thing that mattered was to search for the cure to the sickness, as well as growing more powerful along the way. If he happened to turn into a pile of furry fat, then so be it. Nothing was going to get in his way!

	But first, maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to ask the doll if she knew a tailor.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/18784028/