"Are you sure you don't want me to come, Mister Zero? I can help carry the bags, if you'd like."

Sheero had been trying to convince his mentor to take him along for the latest heist, the young zoroark feeling a little left out as of late. It had been a while since he had seen much action, having spent so much time with Aurora and focusing on school work; a little heisting would be a great way to break out of the boring cycle he had put himself in.

Unfortunately, the chubby skunk shook his head, a broad smile spreading across his face. "Sorry, fox, but this is a personal mission. Those bastards at the bakery had the audacity to not only make fun of my hair, but also to spit in my donuts when I threatened to beat the snot out of them! By the time I've picked the place clean, they won't even have a bakery to return to!"

Sheero grimaced, holding his hair delicately in his arms as if it were a child. "P-please don't burn it down! Aurora and I spend our Friday evenings there!" 

"Aha! So that's why you've been getting so chubby lately!" Zero shouted out bluntly, causing the poor zoroark to squeak and pull on his shirt, trying to hide his soft midsection. "Don't worry, fox, I was just making up an excuse to raid the place and take everything for myself. An important trait for any thief is to be able to lie on the spot, after all."

"I-I understand, sir, but was there a reason you needed to lie to me?"

"Can't hear you, I'm getting ready for some bakery heisting," the green skunk interrupted, whipping out his ski mask and pulling it onto his chubby face. Grabbing a few empty sacks, the thief hopped out the nearest window, despite the front door hanging open nearby. "Alright, I'll be back by 11. Do your homework, eat your broccoli, all that stuff... Oh, and tell Maylow that if he takes my Oreos again that I'll skin his fat hide and use it as a welcome mat." 

"Understood, sir." Sheero nodded, watching his mentor run off into the night. It was pretty rare to see the heavy skunk so eager to pull off a heist, especially one at a local bakery that was quite literally down the street. The teenage pokemon was certain there was something Zero was hiding from him, but figured it wasn't worth getting too invested with. If anyone could look after himself, it was Zero. For now, he had Calculus homework he should be doing, but first, a quick trip to the kitchen for some brain food.



It was the darkest time of the night, right after the sun had fully set, and right before the stars came out to shine. A thin layer of clouds had covered the night sky, filtering out the moon's glow into an obscure purple-ish haze. The light posts sought to rectify this increased darkness my shining down onto the abandoned street, hoping to ward off any nighttime shades. Unfortunately, their lights only made the shadows look darker in comparison, making it all too easy for a thief clad in black to hide himself in.

Zero allowed himself yet another grin as he eyed the bakery in front of him, his bright blue eyes shining from beneath the tree's shadow. Just staring at the building made his rotund stomach erupt in hunger, fueling his greed for more pastries. Earlier today, he was given the privilege of sampling one of their freshly-baked cupcakes, and he wanted more. To think he had been living so close to such a heavenly bakery all these years and had never known about their heavenly confections. That was a mistake he was going to emend today. 

With a surprising burst of agility, the chubby skunk dashed his way towards the building, flew open the door, and leapt inside before anyone would even blink. Once inside, Zero was immediately overwhelmed by the rush of scents that surrounded him, drool ready to spill out of his mouth like Niagara Falls. All around him were large wooden tables, each of them loaded with baskets full of bread, bread, and more bread! With no prior thinking, Zero had waddled over and grabbed the first loaf he could find, squeezing it gently in his chubby paws. It's texture was so soft, yet crunchy, it's scent as sweet as any pastry. He had completely forgotten about the stocks of cupcakes and other desserts stashed away behind the counter by the time he threw off his mask and crammed the loaf into his maw. The skunk's cheeks bulged out comically, chewing fervently on the absurd amount of bread stuffed inside. It would certainly look painful to anyone watching, but to Zero, he was in heaven.

After swallowing the bread down with a tremendous gulp, Zero quickly moved onto the next one, and then the next one, stuffing his gullet with as much of the carb-loaded bread as he could get his chubby paws on. Entire loaves disappeared into the round skunk in a blink of an eye, filling out his belly nicely. By the time he had finished his first basket, his green gut began protruding out from within his jacket. But he wasn't done. Ooooh, not by a long shot.

Zero was in a complete feeding frenzy, his mind focused only on obtaining more bread as he stuffed himself to the limit. His rounded belly continued to grow outwards, and then swiftly downwards, covering his own expanded waistline. His arms never slowed down despite the sleeves of fat developing along their underside. His movement from one table to the next was never impeded, even as his thick thighs molded together. It was only when his rounded moobs began blocking his flabby arms to his fat face did Zero realize he had a problem.

The poor skunk knew he had developed a severe addiction to the bread, but his insatiable appetite prevented him from fighting it at all. He was constantly surrounded by the obnoxiously-delectable food, making it impossible to even think about escaping. Even as his rising weight caused him to bend the wooden floors, or how his green furred gut began pressing against the tables before he even got within arms reach, or how his XXXL jacket was ripping apart at the seams. "S-someone! Anyone! Help!" He managed to call out before being assaulted by his own two paws, falling onto his massive rump. Someone may have heard his pleas for help had it not been the dead of night...



“W-What’s going on? T-Turn off that light, man! Jeez! Leave me alone already, would you, Sheero?” Zero mumbled as he was attacked by a sudden bright light, knocking him out of his slumber. The skunk tried covering his face, but found himself unable to even lift a finger. Peeking one eye open, the thief quickly began remembering the events from earlier. 

Somehow, Zero had managed to quintuple his weight in a mere 4 hours, his massive body pinned under his mountainous gut. Any movements he tried only resulted in endless jiggling across his enormous frame. Even the holder of the flash light, a police wolf, was at a loss with how to handle the two ton skunk. The two furs stared at each other for a while, none of them able to fully comprehend their predicaments. How was it even possible to handcuff someone who probably couldn't even bend their arms? After a few moments of awkward staring, the obese skunk growled and motioned to his enormous body. "You gonna help me up or what?"



An alternate story to  dragontzin 's story and drawing of a certain green skunk biting off a bit more than he can chew. The poor blubberbutt is gonna have a hell of a time at the precint, what with all of his blubber making it hard to even stand up, but first he has to deal with squishing himself into a car. Well, hopefully they can let him ride in the back of one of those large armored vehicles, granted he doesn't flatten the thing with his weight~

Thanks again Tzin! I love it so much ^^

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/20857101/