"Hey look! Choice_D uploaded a story" "What? No way, he never does that!" I do too! D:

Anyways, this is a story commission for  mrfoxboy featuring his character, Dolby, finally getting a job after a time period of being jobless! Because of this special occasion, Dolby makes a journal to describe the day by day activities, including how much he eats every day. Eventually, however, having a job isn't the only thing that starts to weigh down on him...

Enjoy! I hope you like it! :D



	Dolby relaxed in his small den, his feet resting on his desk. He was starting his first day of his new job, another menial phone support job, but at least he could work from home now. Ever since being laid off from his old job as a pencil pusher, the 5' 5" pink fox has been frantically scrambling for a job, no matter how little income it provided. After days of desperately looking, Dolby found a newspaper article in the jobs sections, only requiring someone to help with phone support. At $30 dollars an hour, regular working hours, and 5 days a week, who would want to pass that up? Dolby didn't even need to get up and drive to get an interview; he merely had to e-mail his resume to boss, a half black and half white wolf named Benji. After a quick 30 minutes, Benji replied to the pink fox, congratulating Dolby for his new job. 

	Dolby couldn't believe it! Just like that, the pink fox has earned himself a well paying job in an hour! All it took was a hastily thrown together resume and a bit of good fortune to get this high of an achievement. "Dang, if getting hired is this easy, imagine how smooth this job is gonna be!" Dolby cheered to himself. Little did he realize just how "smooth" it was going to get for the pink fox. 

Day 1: 202 lbs.
	Benji recommended I keep a journal while I waited for phone calls to pass the time. Honestly, I don't know what to write about, other than how freaking nervous I was on my first day! During most of the day no one called, so I was lucky enough to kick my feet up on my desk and relax. And relax.... and relax some more. This is more boring than I thought! That goes without saying, I spend most of the day eating as well as relaxing, willing to do anything to get out of this insane boredom. Without realizing it I went through nearly five bags of chips, three hamburgers, and two large Mountain Dew's in only a few hours. After about 4 hours of eating/dozing off, someone finally called! As soon as I heard the call I scrambled out of my trance, flinging potatoes chips everywhere. "Whas goin' on?!" I quickly stammered out, my eyes still partially closed. I quickly sobered up, however, as I stared at the phone: my first customer.

	I could feel my heart pounding against my chest, a cold sweat breaking out under my clothes and fur. I didn't even notice the potato chips strewn around my belly (one managed to fly onto my head by my right ear and I didn't even notice!). I took a deep sigh, letting a few chips fall off my stomach onto my lap and picked up the phone.

	Luckily for me, it was none other than Benji who had called. All he wanted to do was to check in on me to see how I was doing on the first day. I didn't want to tell him I spent the entire day eating and sleeping, not paying too much attention to the phone, so I just told him everything was going well. From the other line I heard Benji chuckle softly, as if he knew something that I didn't, and reminded me to pay close attention to the phone. I reassured him that I would stay as diligent as always and nodded; although, now that I think about it, was kind of pointless, considering this was a phone conversation. After I hung up, I felt a small pang of guilt, realizing I've most likely haven't been the most attentive fox this company has hired. "Tomorrow is going to be different," I whispered to myself, "I won't take any more naps... right after this quick one." 


Day 6: 238 lbs.

	Believe it or not, I've managed to get through this week without dozing off once! Not many furs call for assistance, however, but I greet the ones that do with loads of enthusiasm! As soon as the phone would ring, I would hastily grab the receiver, fumble it in my paws a few times (I've dropped it a couple times as well) and shout "Hello! How may I help you!" in the happiest, loudest voice I can muster. Apparently it works well, as several furs on the other line are speechless from my excitement! Of course, some of them are silent for a really long time... until I find out they hung up. Oh well, I'm sure that means they figured out their problem without me. I bet they feel pretty embarrassed for calling.

	All that shouting works up quite a bit of an appetite too. I've noticed myself heating up several packages of chicken when I'm not too busy yelling into the phone. Looking down, I can kinda see my white belly start to stick out of my T-shirt slightly. I shouldn't be concerned, right? I mean, I did eat loads of fried chicken today, I'm sure this belly will disappear by tomorrow. However, my belly squishes in a lot more than I first thought it would, engulfing most of my finger. When I pull out, my entire tummy jiggles! It must be the soda, I did drink lots of it. Everyone knows that soda goes great with chicken. Speaking of chicken, I'm starving!

Day 15: 309 lbs.

	I swear this job gets easier and easier! Not only are my patients much more brief when it comes to explaining their problems (my yelling really seems to jog their memory! They hang up even faster now!) but my boss, Benji, let's me take longer breaks and shorter working hours, while still giving me full pay! How cool is that? Having less hours of work leaves me with one problem: what am I gonna do for the rest of the day? Between meals and work, I have virtually nothing planned for quite some time. To prevent myself from going insane from boredom, I downloaded Steam onto my computer and bought several games to pass the time. Seeing as now my work and free time revolve around my computer, I have been moving less and less, only getting up to sleep and grab more chow. Speaking of which I should probably go restack the cabinets with food, I have been running low a lot lately...

3 hours later:

	It has come to my attention that I have recently gained a bit of weight. I know it's pretty weird right? I mean, I haven't been eating THAT much lately. I usually just eat a few donuts for breakfast, two packs of ramen for lunch, and a few wings of fried chicken for dinner. I was about to mention the four bags of chips I eat in between meals as well, but that isn't important right now, what's important is just how much fatter I've gotten! I can't believe I haven't noticed my arms jiggle every time I reach for the phone, or my thighs rippling with every step I take, or my stomach starting to obstruct the view to my feet, or even my rear feeling much softer every time I sit on it! I haven't looked in a mirror lately, but I can still tell my face has grown a bit softer, especially with my chubby cheeks and extra chin. If I don't stop, I might look like one of those fat foxes on FurAffinity! Looking from my notepad, I can see that my treadmill has grown quite a few cobwebs... Better late than never I suppose.

2 hours later:
	Well that was a bloody disappointment. After a mere 30 minutes of simply walking I got sweaty, my too-small T-shirt sticking to my upper body, revealing my embarrassingly-large moobs. The feeling of my thighs jiggling as they scrape against each other is almost enough for me to lose balance even! I don't think working out is really cutting it for me. Before I could totally panic about my situation, one of my alarms beeped from my phone, indicating that my next shift was upon me. I sighed as I rolled onto my chair. I guess I'll just have to accept that I'm a natural fat fur. 

Day 24: 426 lbs.

	Apparently my body quickly caught on that I'm supposed to have a naturally chubby form, because now it demands more food than ever! for the past few days I've constantly been munching on pastries, chips, wings, fried chicken, and anything else you can name that's fattening. Not only do I eat my own weight in junk food each day, but I've been feeling very lethargic as well, taking longer naps and not screaming into the phone as I usually do. The customers don't seem to mind, however, so that's a plus. 

	I think my metabolism has grinded to a halt from the over-eating and sleeping, considering I'm putting on nearly 15 pounds a day! Every time I get out of bed I can feel myself wobble just a bit more, my legs feeling weaker than before. Just putting on clothes makes me feel like someone came over while I was sleeping and sown my clothes a little bit tighter than the day before, even though it's no one's fault but my own. After struggling into my uncomfortably tight clothing (my pants' button snapped off yesterday) I would waddle into the kitchen and fix myself something to snack on, or rather, something to stuff my greedy fat face in until I'm as stuffed as a turkey, then sit my gigantically fat ass into the my chair and begin another day of snacking and talking to furs who barely know what they're talking about in the first place. 

	That last bit doesn't concern me in the slightest, however. My own freaking weight is sky rocketing and it's driving me up the wall! Right now I'm sticking my paw into my plush stomach all the way to my wrist! When I pull it out my stomach jiggles audibly before returning to its normal round, blobby shape. Looking at it now I can tell it sticks out over a foot and a half, definitely limiting my sight to my feet; not that I use my feet anymore. I've noticed a pair of spherical, chubby cheeks appearing on either side of my seemingly-stubby muzzle. Every time I turn my head I can feel them jiggle, as well as my thick second chin. My titanic ass is really starting to irk me as well; I can feel my chair squeak and groan every time I sit down. I swear one of these day's it's gonna break in two and make me fall on my gigantic ass. I probably won't even freaking feel it from all this blubber I'm putting on! You know what I think about all this?!? It's...

	It's...

	It's fantastic! I can't believe I'm saying this, but all this flab really feels amazing! Before you ask "why the sudden mood change?" just think of it this way: I was mad, when furs are mad they want to squeeze or punch something, I only had my own flab to squeeze, I squeezed my flab, I like it now. That feeling of all that soft, furry fat against my plump paws was definitely a feeling to remember. 

	I just realized that I first started pigging out immediately on my first day on the job. Maybe my mind knew how frustrating this career was going to be even before I had my first phone call and immediately made me gain weight as an interesting way to take my anger out on. Well, in that case, thank you brain for coming up with such an awesome strategy! Right now a part of me wants to see just how big I can get.  600 pounds seems like a good goal, considering I still need to be slightly mobile to do everyday activities. After I wrote that down, my stomach gave a monster of a growl, making my fat resonate throughout my entire body. It can't wait to be fed, and neither can I!

*several grease stains and drool droplets blot out the next few pages, making the text illegible.*

Day 41: 624 lbs.

	You know you're becoming a fatass when you wake up to the sound of your bed collapsing. Well, that's how I started my day at least. What's surprising was how I actually slept through my fall, but, rather, my massive body jiggling constantly woke me up. Groaning slightly, I leaned forward as far as I could, bunching up my already numerous rolls on my large, bulging belly. Just from looking at it I could tell my stomach probably grew out another three inches from last night, which means it probably sticks out nearly three feet in front of me. God I'm so pathetically fat, and I love every single bit of it!

	I managed to pull myself into a sitting position, my white tummy flopping down on my lap, molding itself around my titanic thighs. With a few more pushes, I managed to haul my giant self onto my legs, wobbling a bit.  I guess I'm still not used to being this remarkably heavy yet; but, to be honest, I don't think I ever will be. With a deep breath I started waddling towards my computer, the ground making creaking noises as I "thumped" to my sloppy work station. Buried beneath a mountain of wrappers and crumbs lies my laptop, still in working condition somehow. After slowly shuffling towards my computer, I literally flopped down onto my double reinforced chair, my fat making a clapping noises as it slapped against the steel chair, rippling excitedly around before slowly settling down. Lately, my fattening body has been jiggling more and more, but that last bit had enough momentum to throw me back onto my feet! Good thing I met my goal of 600 pounds though, so no need to gain anymore. 

	Grinning to myself, I opened up a nearby chocolate bar and devoured it in one gulp before licking my lips from any leftover chocolate residue. Instead of eating three full meals a day, I've been pretty much just snacking constantly throughout the day, with three hours of extra snacking instead of meals. I'm sure that isn't great for your metabolism, but It sure beats having to get up and actually cook! With this method, I get more free time to eat, sleep, and work (although Benji has been lowering my hours more and more, so lately it's just been eat and sleep). Life is good...


Day 76: 958 lbs.

	I can't believe it! Benji himself is going to come visit me! We've been skyping each other almost every day since I decided to live at my computer, never leaving my chair anymore (for some reason, It's too hard for me) which is not a problem, considering I can always order snacks in bulk off the internet. Speaking of which, perhaps I should order a new chair, mine has been getting a little squeaky as of late... Gah! I keep getting off topic! My boss and best friend Benji is going to be here any minute! I can't wait to see what he- he's here!! 

	Dolby paused from writing his journal to turn his giant self around to the door. Unbeknownst to the pink fox, however, was his uprising weight. After Dolby met his goal of 600 pounds, he stopped measuring how much he weighed, always assuming he weighed that much. After that point, however, Dolby started to move around even less and less, spending most of his free time by the computer stuffing his fat face. Because of this, and his complete destruction of his metabolism, everything Dolby ate was converted directly into fox blubber to add to his already ludicrous amount of pudge. 

	Now Dolby is a massive pink and white blob of blubber, his sides enveloping the chair's armrests while his belly drapes over his body like a thick and squishy blanket, covering his titanic thighs and legs, only revealing his feet. Dolby's cheeks bulge and jiggle every time he eats, his muzzle looking much shorter just from their sheer size! His chins all clump together, covering his neck and draping onto his flabby chest. Dolby's moobs grew almost too large for any sort of bra, unless there is a bra out there able to contain basketball-sized breasts. Dolby's heavy ass has also grown exponentially, completely covering his tail between his beach ball-sized cheeks. All in all, Dolby is an all around fatass.

	"Come in!" Dolby yelled from his reinforced swivel chair, finally managing to turn it around so it faced the door. The door slowly opened to reveal a half black and half white wolf, slightly chubby in statue, much like Dolby before being hired. "Holey Moley!" Benji shouted, his jaw dropping to the ground at the sight of the slobby blob of a fox, yet unable to stop his wagging tail. "What did you eat, a couch?" Dolby giggled and hiccupped, sending his body into a jiggling frenzy. "What, me? *urp* I cou- *hic* I couldn't eat an entire couch! *urrrrp* I just eat a few *frrrrt* snacks here and there, no *hic* big deal!" Benji looked around, seeing the entire room was buried in wrappers up to his knees. "No big deal? Have you looked at yourself? You've become a giant freaking mammoth! I bet you can't even stand on your own two feet!" Dolby tilted his fat head, his chubby cheek resting on his thick shoulders. "Oh yea? Bet I can! Just watch"

	Benji watched as Dolby grunted and started to slide off his chair, his body literally flowing off the chair like he was made out of liquid magma. From underneath that humongous belly, Dolby's foot paws gently touched the ground. "There, see? I can stand just *URRRRP* fine... but can *hic* you help me back up on the chair?" Benji's tail wagged faster and faster until it looked like a blur, making the poor black and white wolf blush. "I... well..." With a blink of an eye, Benji rushed towards a startled Dolby. "Wait! Benji! What are you-" His words were cut short as Benji leaped onto Dolby's massive stomach, murring as soon as he made contact with that soft, furry, squishy, delightful tummy. 

	The chair gave out a loud squeaking noise before finally breaking in two, sending the blob fox onto his back with a loud 'thump', the wolf landing on him with a just as noisy 'squish'. Benji continued to lie on Dolby's giant belly, pleased that he could fit his entire body on that enormous thing, with his head resting on a pillow shaped moob. Dolby looked up, mildly shocked at the sudden turn of events before giggling, wrapping his thick arms around Benji's back like a blanket. "I don't mean to spoil the moment, but you owe me a new chair boss." Benji smiled and murred as he became enveloped by fat on all sides. "That's alright, Dolby. I'm sure you can afford a new one and more, now that you're being promoted and all."

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11129354/