Pay no attention to the weird "a" in "apocalypse," it was a typo, and rather than just deleting it and trying again, I decided to try and place a line on the right side of the "o" so it looked like an "a" lol.

Here it is, the first of many chapters depicting the tale of  hdalby33 and  tychondryus and their struggles as they journey the world, racing against time... and their waistlines. Can they make it to the other side of the world before they're force fed into immobility, or will the R.U.N robots overpower them and ... indulge them in a new lifestyle.

This is an experimental story I've been thinking about for half a year now. This series is going to be plot oriented, including elements like character development and a dynamic story line. Of course, there will be plenty of weight gain involved. Those last few steps they take as they try to escape may be their most difficult after all~

I hope you all enjoy! ^^ I'll also be taking suggestions for ideas and and events you think this story should have.



	Minutes… Hours… Days…

	Time was lost on the young dragon as he continued to stare at the ceiling. His eyes slowly swayed back and forth as he made out simple patterns on the beige ceiling. Circles, squares, and other shapes made themselves known to the dragon with every sweep of the eyes. Once he memorized what each part of the ceiling looked like, he would blink, and begin the process anew. Nothing else mattered to the grey and blue dragon. This endless cycle could have continued on for eons had a single thought not entered the dragon's mind: "I exist."

	With a gasp, the dragon shot up from his bed, his round eyes wide open as he took in his surroundings. Breathing heavily, he quickly swiveled his head around, trying to process where exactly he was. Aside from the pink bed he was currently sitting on, the room he was occupying was surprisingly bland. Four bright purple walls surrounded him, each of them barren except for the occasional poster of a coyote in a doctor's coat treating an injured jackalope. A grey door with a large window was situated at the far left corner of the room, which appeared to be the room's only source of light. Next to the dragon's bed was a small table, full of small metal utensils, each of them making him feel quite uncomfortable. 

	The dragon clenched his sheets a little tighter as he looked around again, his brows furrowed with worry. Not only was the room unnaturally dark despite the large window, but the deathly silence was enough to drive anyone mad. Not a single sound emanated from the room, save for the dragon's light breathing and the occasional rustling of the blanket. Unable to take it any longer, the blue and grey reptile quickly swung his legs over the bedside and hopped off… before collapsing to the ground.

	"Ow!" He cried out as he rubbed his bruised nose after smacking it on the linoleum floor. Grumbling to himself, the young drake slowly pushed at the ground with his arms, alarmed to find them quaking from the small effort. Before he knew it, his arms had collapsed, unable to bear the burden of his torso, sending the poor creature onto his muzzle yet again.

	"Yeowch!" the dragon whimpered as he rolled on his back, rubbing his bruised nose. Just touching the sore spot sent a tinge of pain throughout his entire body, as well as an uncomfortable dampness in his eyes. Laying on his back, the dragon carefully leaned forward, hoping to at least be able to sit up before standing. As his torso slowly rose from the ground, however, a golden plaque made itself visible to him from the front of the bed.

	"Cal… Callum," the dragon was able to make out as he read the letters etched into the bed. Rereading the strange combination of letters in his head again and again, he slowly came to a conclusion: that was his name. Wagging his narrow tail, the dragon grinned as he sat next to his bed, an intense feeling of pride burning through him. He had a name, and a fun one to say out loud at that! He must have been really important if he had a name! Before he could shout his name for the world to hear, Callum's eyes suddenly glanced down to his body, his burning pride quickly replaced with wretched horror.

	Just looking down at his body made the dragon feel exceedingly nauseous. His ribs jutted out from his chest, each one clearly visible due to the lack of any padding whatsoever to hide them. His lower chest curved steeply downwards into a hollow waist thin enough to fit through a doggy door in one go. Callum's arms and legs lacked any definition and looked more similar to boney sticks than limbs. No wonder it was so difficult for him to escape from the ground!

	Panic rising in his throat, the dragon desperately tried to scramble off the floor. Flailing his limbs around like crazy, Callum finally managed to find purchase with the nearby bed sheets. Gripping the soft fabric tightly, he struggled to finally pull himself into a crouched position before clambering upright. Flinging himself to the door, the out-of-breath dragon flung open the door and dashed through… only to smash his nose against yet another obstacle. 

	"YAAAAAAAAGH!" Callum roared as he collapsed onto the ground yet again, the edge of his muzzle turning dark purple due to the collective damage it's sustained over the past few minutes. Despite the blinding pain, Callum was somehow able to hear the sound of another body fall onto the floor, as well as a slight groan from in front of him. Leaning forward, the dragon's eyes widened when he found a scaly blue body sprawled out on the floor as well, appearing just as emaciated as he was. 

	Without warning, the azure reptile shot upright, rubbing his bruised snout as well. From what Callum could see, he had a smaller snout and didn't possess any wings that he himself had, allowing him to take "dragon" away from his mental list of possible species the scaled being could associate with. Due to his brain's functionality not being properly restored yet, as well as a lack of patience due to banging his nose three times in a row, Callum decided to assume he was just a lizard.

	Turning around to face him, the blue lizard gasped as he stared at the bashed and bruised nose Callum had, noticing a thin trickle of blood flowing out of his right nostril as well. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry! I didn't think I bumped your nose so hard! Do you need help?" he asked, his voice shaking from guilt and fear. 

	"Oh, uh, I'm fine," Callum awkwardly responded, using his right paw to stem the flow of blood from his nose. "Believe me, most of this is due to me being a klutz and falling on my face two times." He chuckled. Seeing the relieved look wash over the blue lizard, Callum sat upright, extending his hand. "My name is Callum, and you?"

	The azure reptile smiled back and shook his hand. "I'm Tychondryus… at least, that's what I think my name is. To be honest I have no memory of who I am or what this place is. I'm kinda just assuming my name is Tychondryus because it was on the side of my bed," he chuckled, scratching the back of his head awkwardly.

	"Really? You too?" Callum asked in disbelief. It never occurred to him that there were others like him wondering the hospital. 

	Tychon nodded, before furrowing his brow. "Wait. 'You too?' You mean you have no memory either?"

	"I'm afraid not," the silver dragon sighed as he sat upright, now eyelevel with the blue lizard. "I have no idea who I am, where I came from, or how I even ended up here. For all I know, I just started existing a few minutes ago."

	"Woah," Tychondryus muttered as he looked at his new friend with rising curiosity. With a shrug, he slowly attempted to push himself off the floor, his scrawny arms wobbling excessively before dropping him back on his rump with a thud. "Yeowch, that hurt!"

	"Yeah, that looked painful," Callum grimaced, his own bony rear feeling quite sore from watching that. Pressing the soles of his feet against Tychondryus's, the thin dragon reached his arms out to the lizard. "Here, take my hands. I think we can pull each other up if we tried hard enough." he suggested.

	"Oh? Like this?" Tychondryus asked as he grasped the dragon's scaly hands.

	"Exactly," Callum grinned. "Now, on a count of three. 1..2..3!" With a ton of loud grunting, Callum and Tychondryus began pulling at each other, using their feet for their center of gravity. Slowly but surely, both reptiles found themselves rising off the floor and onto their feet, although with increasing discomfort. Once finally upright, they took a minute to rest their palms on their knees, panting and heaving from the effort of lifting their bodies. 

	"Huff huff I really hope pant pant we don't have to wheeze do this often," Callum mumbled in between breaths. Despite seeing Tychondryus appearing just as out of breath as he was, the gaunt dragon still couldn't help but feel more than defenseless from his position. The feeling of being so thin and out of shape was a horrifying concept to grasp. He would do anything to find a way and put some meat on his wretched bones. After taking a moment to regain his breath, Callum stood more upright and shrugged. "So, any idea where we are Tychondryus?"

	The bony blue lizard returned the shrug. "I have no idea, and you can call my Tychon… or Tycho… or Ty… shoot, I don't even know my name, so I have no idea what my nickname should be," he chuckled, finding his situation to be humorous and grateful to find something funny in his strange predicament. "What do you think, Cal? What should my nickname be?"

	"I think you should choose, it's your name after all. Right now, our names are the only thing we have," Callum responded, rubbing his back awkwardly. He didn't mean to make that last sentence sound so dramatic.

	Fortunately, Tychondryus didn't pick up on the sudden somber atmosphere, the gaunt reptile grinning widely. "Yeah, you're right. I think my nickname should be Ty, how does that sound?"

	"Sounds great! Congrats on making your first major decision right after discovering you exist," Callum smiled, patting his new friend's thin back approvingly. "I hope you don't mind, but I'd like to make my first decision right now." Raising his fist over his shoulder, the grey dragon pointed down the dark hallway behind him with his thumb. "Let's get out of here!"

	"Right behind you," Ty chuckled as they walked down the daunting corridor. Deep down, the sky blue lizard still felt a lurking feeling of anxiety creeping up on him as he thought about what lay beyond for them. For all he knew, the two reptiles were merely two test subjects who were bound to be recaptured as soon as they stepped outside the hospital's front doors. Just walking by an open door sent goose bumps crawling along his blue scales, as if a mad scientist was about leap out at him at any minute. Not wanting to share his fears with Callum due to how confident the dragon looked, Ty decided to trust in his friend's confidence as they continued down the hallway.

	"Huff… huff… huff." Ty and Callum stood hunched over, their spines sticking out of their skeletal back as they slowly attempted to catch their breath. They only walked through two hallways and one flight of stairs and already the emaciated duo was out of breath. Despite their previous sanguine attitude, the lizard and dragon couldn't help but feel a little crestfallen knowing that they could barely travel the length of a building without feeling sore.

	"Can we take… a small break?" Ty asked as he slowly rose up from his crouched demeanor. "I mean, I wanna get out of here as much as the next guy, but I don't want to collapse as soon right outside the doorway." 

	"Yeah, good idea," Callum agreed as he swiveled his head around, looking for something to rest on. "It'd be pretty foolhardy to take on the world all tired and out of breath. Let's look for a-"

	GRRRRRRRRR

	Both lizards yelped from the sudden growling noise and jumped back a pace, their soreness forgotten as they searched desperately for the source of the sound. Trembling in fear, Ty's voice came out half an octave higher than usual, the fearful lizard's hands clasped against his chest. "W-w-what was t-t-that?"

	"I-I have no idea," Callum responded as confidently as he could, despite the slight stutter in his voice betraying his true emotion. His inner fear became even more well known as he the frail dragon couldn't even make out a second presence in the room other than Ty. Everything in the receptionist room in the hospital hadn't changed at all since when they first came. Nonetheless, the dragon felt a strange feeling in his stomach as he peered over the receptionist desk, checking to see if anything could be lurking in the dep-

	GRRRRRRRRRRR

	"Ack! There it is again!" Ty whimpered as he immediately pressed his back against the wall, his fearful eyes darting around for the source of the noise. The poor lizard's heart was racing as he imagined all sorts of awful scenarios as to what the source of the growling could be: a vicious carnivorous animal ready to dismember his body limb from limb! Or maybe it's the growling of the scientists he feared of earlier, angry with them for trying to leave the building? Ty's teeth chattered as all these possibilities ran through his head and more, his body shivering as if he were in a freezer. Before he could completely buckle down on the floor and curl up in a fetal position, Ty noticed Callum roaring with laughter, the jovial dragon forced to lean against the desk in order to uphold himself. "W-what's so funny, Cal?" Ty asked, his fear turned into bewilderment.

	"It's… it's my stomach!" the silver dragon guffawed, patting his hollow midsection. "This entire time, I thought we were being hunted by a monster, when really it was my stomach telling me I'm hungry! Oh jeeze, I feel like such a nitwit."

	"Haha… yeah, I bet you do," Ty chuckled nervously as he pried himself off the wall, his heart still pounding furiously in his chest. He had no idea how Callum could laugh at something like that, he nearly had a heart attack! Still, at least the sudden jolt of fear brought a ton of adrenaline surging through his frail body, giving him enough restless energy to continue.  Before the grey and silver dragon could open up the door, however, Ty hesitantly spoke up. "B-but what if the outside world is more dangerous? We could be living in an apocalypse right now, or a deserted wasteland!"

	"Well, staying inside isn't going to change any of that now, would it?" Callum smirked as he slowly began pushing the two doublewide doors apart, a bright glimmer of sunlight shining through the widening crack. "Besides, it can't be that bad."

	It was that bad.

	Callum and Ty's optimistic grins quickly changed to horrified grimaces faster than you could snap your fingers. Breathing became a struggle for the two mortified reptiles, each breath coming in rigid gasps. With widened eyes, they beheld the apocalyptic scene before them, each of them too stunned to talk. Massive buildings reached upwards, all clustered together as if fingers reaching to claw at the grey sky. Many of the windows and other fundamental building parts had disappeared or eroded, leaving them a hollowed and lifeless corpse, with the only signs of life being the foliage currently entrapping them. Some of the mighty skyscrapers bent at awkward angles, their foundations weak after centuries of disrepair. To the far right, Callum and Ty could make out a rust-colored suspension bridge, multiple cables and wiring snapped in half yet the object remains intact. A chilling breeze soon flew across the area, sweeping up the dirt, ash, debris, and other various objects covering the ground. Even standing in the doorway for a few minutes, the two reptiles felt their feet get covered by the brownish-grey substance.

	"T-t-this is wrong…" Callum muttered under his breath, the skinny dragon clenching his fists so hard his arms were trembling. "This can't be right! I refuse to believe it! This is all a dream, I know it!" The rail-thin dragon felt as if a similar apocalypse was taking place right inside of him, feeling his heart sink into his stomach. It was almost like someone had poked him with a needle, and all of his hope for what this new world would be quickly drained out of him, leaving him in his deflated form. Still, a single spec of him continued to believe that maybe, just maybe, the world they lived in wasn't doomed.

	Turning to face his trembling companion, Ty closed his eyes and shook his head. "I… think it's just us left," the blue lizard whimpered, his voice noticeably shaking. Just saying those dreaded words almost forced tears to stream down his eyes, and while he truly was devastated, he didn't want to appear completely helpless and defeated to his companion.

	Fortunately, he didn't have to as Callum suddenly pointed his finger outwards. "Look! There's someone there!"

	Sure enough, walking by a building about 50 feet away, a small figure suddenly emerged. Due to the distance between them, it was difficult to make out the species of the creature, although Callum could tell he had red fur, a long tail, and two short ears, giving him the assumption that it was an otter. Overcome with joy, Callum and Ty broke out into a sprint towards the distant figure, shouting and waving their arms the entire time. "Heeeey! Over heeeeere!"

	Despite the scaly duo's aggressive shouting, the red otter kept his back to them, seemingly oblivious to the noise behind him. It wasn't until Callum and Ty were within a few feet of him did the red otter suddenly twist his head around, grinning widely. "Greetings!"

	"Yaaah!" the lizard and dragon yelped as they suddenly jumped back, not expecting the otter to suddenly turn around like that. It didn't help that otter was, in fact, not even alive! Instead of flesh and fur, the red mustelid was covered in shiny metal, including two circular lights for eyes. What really confused Callum, however, was the metallic otter's body structure in general: why would a robot otter be plump? His arms and legs were certainly much thicker than a normal fur's (at least what Callum believed a normal fur looked like), and he sported a hefty potbelly the size of a basketball!

	After a few moments of awkward staring, the grey dragon eventually spoke up. "Oh, I'm sorry! You kind of caught us off guard because you're a… uhh…"

	"I'm a R.U.N!" the automated otter responded, his chirpy voice possessing a metallic echo. 

	"Wait… a run?" Ty asked, tilting his head to the left. It was hard to imagine the robot running around from place to place, due to the extra weight he carried. 

	"Noooo! Not a run," the otter playfully scolded, speaking to Ty as if he were a child who told him that the sky was red. "I'm a R.U.N, a Robot for the Under-Nourished! I provide vital nutrients to starving creatures wherever I go! It's my duty to prevent world hunger! Call me Brent," he proudly stated, holding his metallic hand to his gut during that last sentence.

	"Oh… alright then, uh, Brent," Ty nodded as he scratched the back of his neck nervously. It was strange talking to a being that was just a program and not an actual living creature. For all he knew, the entire population of the planet was composed of androids like the chubby otter before him, due to the lack of any other life form being present. 

	Remembering why they ran to the robot in the first place, Callum suddenly spoke up. "Actually, Mister Brent, we were wondering if you knew if there were any other people living near-"

	He never finished his sentence. Callum was interrupted as the chubby otter's arm suddenly shot forward, grabbing the dragon by his frail wrist. "You are a malnourished dragon please stand by as I prepare the required nutrients for you."  Brent spoke in a monotonous voice, pausing for half a second after saying the word "dragon."

	"Hey, what th-" Ty asked before having his own wrist get squeezed by the red robot, who slowly turned its head towards him. "You are a malnourished lizard please stand by as I prepare the required nutrients for you."

	At that moment, two robotic arms suddenly sprung from Brent's broad shoulders, both of them much thinner than the arms he was using to hold Callum and Ty in place. At the same time, a compartment on the otter's chubby stomach suddenly opened up, revealing the contents inside. 

	"… Cakes?" Ty asked, absolutely dumbfounded that his species' "required nutrients" were miniature, frosting-coated white pastries. Before he could make any other comment about this interesting discover, Brent's smaller arms took a cake each and crammed them into the two reptiles' maws respectivly, some frosting smearing against their scaly muzzles. With wide eyes and bulging cheeks, Cal and Ty exchanged worried glances as they chewed on the small cakes. While their way of entry wasn't exactly favorable, the pastries wounded up tasting surprisingly delicious. Callum closed his eyes to savor the scrumptious flavor, while Ty let out a quiet moan of joy. Their respective expressions of gratitude were quickly cut short, however, as yet another cake was forced into their already-full mouths, puffing out their cheeks even further!

	Unable to move due to the red robot's crushing grip, our two heroes were forced to try and match Brent's feeding pace, quickly swallowing the pastries before accepting more. Rather than have his sensitive nose bruised any further, Callum opted to open wide every time a cake-filled hand appeared, not wanting Brent to accidently smear the food against his muzzle. While his method of feeding was rather… questionable, both lizards couldn't help but feel grateful to have some grub inside their hollow bodies.

	That gratefulness swiftly diminished as time went on, however. Right around the 7th or 8th cake, both captives were starting to feel quite stuffed, due to their stomachs having shrunk from not eating for so long. Despite their moans and pleas, Brent continued with his 'treatment,' his neutral expression unwavering. Taking heavy breaths, Cal sluggishly continued to swallow the mushy cakes, his stomach groaning from the immense burden suddenly being placed upon him. Looking down, he noticed his grey belly start to push out a bit, forming a spherical bulge right below his ribcage. Glancing to his right, the stuffed dragon could see his reptilian friend in the same predicament, the poor lizard rubbing his bloated gut. With each gulp they took, their scaled stomachs pushed out a little bit more, while the growing pain inside them intensified.

	Finally, when Callum was certain he would explode if he had to take another bite, the chubby otter released them. Instantly, the two stuffed survivors slumped onto their knees, before collapsing on their sides, all of the strength in their bodies drained after that intensive feeding session. Completely at his limit, the grey dragon began massaging along his rounded middle, noting how his skin was as tight as a drum. His rubbing didn't last long though, as Callum felt the sudden urge to sleep suddenly overpower him, his arms falling to the ground uselessly as his eyes drifted shut. Right next to him, Callum could hear Ty snoring quite loud, obviously already sleep. Just as he was about to do the same, the stuffed dragon heard one final message from Brent.

	"Treatment complete! You are now properly fed. Have a nice day!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/17450219/