"Man, what a haul!" 

Denya's tail was a blur behind him, an impressive feat given it's 5 foot length, as he eagerly bounded inside his home. Latched around his arms were not one, not two, but four canvas bags filled to the brim, their combined weight enough for the straps to disappear into the dragon-wolf's doughy arms. Grinning ear to ear, the hefty hybrid threw the bags onto the kitchen table with a shuddttering thud, one of them overturning to reveal dozens of colorfully-wrapped candy bars. Unsurprisingly, the draolf needed no further invitation to snatch up the closest chocolate bar and cram it into his face, spitting out the wrapper. 

"Really? You just got home and you're eating them now?" 

Denya's ears wilted as he heard a familiar booming voice approach him, turning to find the lumbering blue bear growling at him. He gulped, both to swallow the candy and out of nervousness. "Well, why not? It's my candy, Zane." 

"That's not what I'm upset about," Zane huffed, flicking his pointed ears. "Every year, you eat your entire stash of Halloween candy in a day or two, then complain for the next month about how you wish you had more candy. You've already eaten an entire bag of the stuff on the way home; don't you think you should... try and... conserve it a little?" 

Alas, Zane's voice gradually waned out as the draolf stuffed another two candy bars into his maw, chocolate staining his muzzle. He sighed, although that sign of annoyance wasn't lost on the hybrid, who quickly tried gulping down his latest mouthful before responding. "Mmmf...Can't you, like, use your special bearcario magic to make more candy?" 

The bear frowned. "Really? Do you think my powers are here just for the sake of plot convienance?" 

"Well...yeah."

"Alright, fair enough."

Denya blinked. That was easier than he thought. The bear raised his paws over him and the candy, and the draolf beamed as he saw the delectable little morsels start to grow. The candy doubled in size every second...as did the table...and the walls...and the house itself...in fact, the only thing in the room that wasn't growing was-

"Hey!" 

The draolf pouted, suddenly blinded as his clothes fell on top of him. Squirming his way through the maze of his own shirt, the now-naked hybrid found himself standing on the table top, staring up at a monstrously massive bear who's paw was larger than his entire body. "Rude!"

Zane snorted, looming over his tiny boyfriend. "This was easier to be honest, and a lot cuter. Who's my adorable itty bitty widdle dragolobo?" He cooed, pinching the hybrid's tubby cheeks with a pair of claws. 

"I'm not a toy!" Denya squeaked, his pinched cheeks reddening at the raised pitch of his voice. He quickly turned around, swatting the bear's paws away with his thick tail while gazing up and the mountains of sugary delights waiting for him. The hybrid growled, licking his lips. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. 



And it wasn't! It took Denya nearly an hour to devour an entire candy bar, and by the end of it he was beyond stuffed, as well as covered in chocolate! Zane had to rescue the beached draolf from the table, giving his sugary body a few playful licks before carrying him to bed. The next day, Denya dove right back into his eating spree, the 6 inch hybrid slowly unwrapping starbursts like a child opening presents on Christmas day before taking big bites out of the fruity candy. 

This occurred nearly every day; a routine that Denya and Zane would quickly fall into. The large bear would wake up with his paw-sized draolf dozing on his belly, carefully roll out of bed in a way that wouldn't smoosh Denya, and set the greedy micro on the table to eat to his heart’s content. He'd leave his boyfriend alone all day, then return once Denya was full and breached on his back, lick the hybrid clean, then carry him to bed for use as a teddy bear. Of course, there were plenty of short jokes mixed in as well, the bear having fun poking and rolling his tubby little dragolobo around whenever he got the chance. 

But Denya paid it little heed; he had a lifetime supply of candy to devour! He didn't need to worry about rationing anything anymore, not when the candy bars literally towered over him! Everyday was a joy to the tiny tubby draolf who got to explore the large bags full of candy, looking around to find the flavor of the day to snack on while he watched the theater-sized T.V all the way from the living room. Occasionally, Denya worried that he would end up growing sick of eating straight sugar and candy nonstop one day, but to his delight that day never came. His ravenous appetite never slowed down; even as the rest of him started to. 

Zane couldn't miss the effects that an all-candy diet were having on his boyfriend. When he came to pick up the bloated draolf, he could see that white belly filled visibly further with every evening. Laying in bed, the bear could feel Denya start to sink into his gut. The tiny hybrid was growing heavier, and while Zane knew he should probably say something, he didn't. After all, Denya made for a wonderful teddy.

It was only after Denya asked Zane to hand him an M&M a mere six inches away from him did Zane finally speak up. 

“Can’t you get it yourself?” The bearcario huffed, knowing full well the answer to his question. 

“C’mon, it’s right there. Can’t you *bwurp* just flick it to me?” The hybrid groaned, stretching out his chunky arms feebly. Try as he might, there was no reaching over the impressive curvature of his own gut; the only way he was getting that chocolatey disk was by moving, and that was out of the question for the draolf, due to both his ample girth and laziness. Eating nothing but sugary sweets had taken its toll on the hybrid, in more ways than one. Outside of the building layers of blubber coating his frame, the rush of sugar had made him lethargic and lazy. Of course, when you’re no taller than a pencil, it’s easy to be lazy when you have a boyfriend willing to move you around with little effort. 

And that’s exactly what Zane did. Rather than flick the candy over like Denya suggested, the bearcario slid Denya closer to it, his fingers groping the draolf’s pebble-sized rump. “I might start rolling you around if you get any fatter, tubbs!” 

Denya was too preoccupied with the M&M to respond immediately, shoving the entire disc into his mouth, his chubby cheeks bulging with delicious chocolate. “Mmmf...ish not that fat...just winter weight.” 

“Uh-huh, and when’s the last time your stomach left the ground?” The bearcario smirked, reaching over. He groped the draolf’s belly, intending to make a point on how fat his boyfriend had grown, but soon found himself kneading and squeezing the billowing apron of a gut. It was just so round and perfect, fitting perfectly into his paw! His tail wagged, the bluebear’s fingers digging into the abundant pudge. “Mmmm...On second thought, you should stay tiny. It suits you.” 

All that pressure on his gut forced out a tiny belch from the chubby canine, who bunched up his thick love handles reaching for another M&M. “Ha ha, very funny. I’ve told you before, I’m staying small until I finish my Halloween candy. Then it’s back to normal size,” he stated matter of factly, opening his maw to take a more modest bite from his candy. 

That modest bite ended up being not-so-modest. Denya yelped as he felt the chocolate disc shove its way into his open mouth, which was promptly held shut by two large blue fingers. He grunted and whined in defiance, but ultimately swallowed the heavy mouthful, his ears folded as his boyfriend’s grinning face loomed over him. “In that case, we better hurry up then! I want my Dents back to his proper size,” he sneered, opening another bag of M&Ms. 

Suddenly, Denya didn’t feel so hungry…



He was so full! After two more fun-sized bags of M&Ms and an entire Reese’s cup, the poor hybrid was as taunt and round as a soft ball! He had eaten more in that sitting than he normally did in a full day, but unfortunately that wasn’t enough for the large blue bear, who proceeded to push Smarties into his boyfriend’s lips until he passed out. 

This quickly became routine for the spherical draolf, who reluctantly accepted the ursine’s help. He was carried around like a small doll, being fed a constant stream of sweets and treats until he slipped into a food coma, before waking up to continue the cycle. His laziness was now mandatory; Denya wasnt even allowed to move on his own, his arms kept firmly on his chunky sides while Zane pushed candy after candy into the doughy draolf’s maw. 

To say Denya continued putting on weight would be an understatement. He practically ballooned, so much so that he was starting to resemble an over-inflated water balloon! Every day, the draolf could see his belly swell further and further, his range of movement growing limited due to the layers of chub building up around his limbs. To Denya, he was an enormous blob of draolf capable of crushing furniture beneath the tonnage of his ass alone, which was a given considering he never left it. 

To zane, however, he was just an adorable little pudgeball growing cuter and softer by the day. He constantly doted on his lover, knowing there was nothing Denya could do about it. He’d measure the hybrid’s growth with his own paw, groping a big pawful of that round belly, feeling how much more of it squished beneath his fingers with every passing day, or how deep he could sink his claw into Denya’s soft rump, or how tight he could squeeze the draolf’s tail between two fingers. His favorite “game” was to tie a ribbon around the widest point of Denya’s belly, and then feeding him constantly until the draolf either passed out or the ribbon burst beneath his widening girth. And everytime the little hybrid would complain, Zane would tut-tut and boop Denya’s tiny chubby canine nose. “This is just until you finish your Halloween candy, right sweetie?” 

Well, that was enough to get the hybrid to eat even when he wasn’t being force fed by Zane! On the few instances where he was left alone to digest, Denya would sluggishly nibble on any nearby candy he could reach, hoping to reach his goal quicker. However, that mountain of candy never seemed to shrink, even as he continued to grow. Even so, Denya continued to eat, and eat, and eat throughout the days, weeks, and months…

Until one day, when the candy mountain was finally vanquished. 

The draolf let out a loud belch, rattling his many chins. He beyond bloated, yet he slowly nibbled his way through the pillow-sized skittle, ignoring the grumbling protests of his stomach. This was it, he thought to himself, swallowing another large chunk. Just a few more bites, and he was finally free! He leaned forward to take another bite, but alas, his tubby paws weren’t quite as adapt at holding things as they used to be. The half-eaten skittle slipped out, rolling down the curvature of his gut, never to be seen again. 

“...Darn.” 

He couldn’t possibly hope to reach it, not when he couldn’t even reach past his own moobs! Even then, he could barely bend his own tube-like arms with how much padded fat he had built up. His legs were a similar story, now enormous ham-like appendages constantly smearing against each other, even while buried beneath the hybrid’s monster of a gut. The white amorphous blob spilled out far, making him less of a circle and more of an oval. He doesn’t even know where his belly button is beneath all that. 

“Awww, poor tubby dropped his last nom?” Came a voice that Denya had grown to both love and loathe. Slowly, the hybrid watched the half-eaten skittle slide back up his gut, a big blue finger attached to it. Denya sighed and opened wide, the skittle shoving its way into his maw. He munched as quickly as he could, yet he was still too slow as the bear poked and squeezed his chipmunk cheeks. “So precious~” 

Denya rolled his eyes, swallowing up the skittle. “Yeah yeah, I get it. I ate all my candy, and now I’ve, uh, learned my mistake on being too greedy or w/e. Can I go back to being normal sized now?” The hybrid muttered, his doughy cheeks turning pink. At normal size, he’d probably be larger than a car! 

“But where’s the fun in that?” The bear smirked. To Denya’s extreme horror, Zane dropped two 5-pound bags of candy onto the table, the shock wave sending tremors all along the doughy draolf’s middle. “You wanted to eat all the Halloween Candy, and I want my little dragolobo to be back to normal size! This way, we’re getting what we both want! So eat up, because there’s plenty more where that came from~” 



A lil story to get me back into the writing groove-ish. Still really slow and insecure about it lately. I don't want to take any longer to write, but at the same time I don't know how to improve besides writing, and writing scares me x.x 

Anyways, I hope you enjoy both the mini story and the drawing.  fluffylai did an amazing job <3

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/34554365/