I usually don't like writing fat stories based off of copywrighted characters. Starfox happens to be an exception. I seem to have a really strong affinity with futuristic settings and fattened foxes :p

Anyways, this is just a fun setting I came up with about a wider Fox McCloud. I left it very open ended incase anyone wants to take this story and make a series out of it. Maybe Fox gets even fatter by visiting a planet with strange foods? Or he catches a parasite that forces him to eat much more than he should? Perhaps Krystal secretly enjoys having a flabby foxy and encourages him to indulge a little? (I like that last idea the most ^^)

Hope you enjoy! 



	After saving the galaxy multiple times from the evil Andross, as well as defeating Starwolf once and for all, Fox McCloud and his mercenary crew were finally able to earn a well deserved break. For the past few years, the crew of Starfox found themselves working day in and day out in trying to protect the Lylat System from various threats, many of which were spawned from the disembodied monkey head known as Andross. With the source of their problems finally dealt with, Starfox was, at last, allowed some time off, at least until a new problem suddenly arose: boredom. 

	When compared to their previous high-adrenaline adventures, Fox McCloud and his team quickly discovered how boring it was to fly around space aboard the Great Fox, waiting for someone to hire them. With the new Cornerian army having been reinstated quickly after the Lylat Wars, the entire galaxy was ensured complete safety from any threats, which meant less distress signals for Starfox to respond to. 

	With nothing left to do during their lengthy moments of unemployment, the crew of Starfox took it upon themselves to figure out ways to fight the boredom. Slippy Toad spent most of his time down in his lab with ROB, the engineer and robot duo having a blast (sometimes literally, much to everyone's dismay) tinkering with electronics and trying to invent new devices. Krystal used her free time meditating in her room, the purple and white vixen training her telepathic powers in order to be of greater use in their next engagement. Falco frequently 'borrowed' one of the Arwings from the Great Fox's hanger and flew around the larger ship, blasting any asteroids nearby to smithereens as part of his own training.

	This left Fox, the leader of StarFox, mostly alone on the Great Fox with very little to do. Occasionally, the stellar vulpine would practice his ground combat skills in one of the training simulators, but with how peaceful the galaxy had been, it seemed that any hand to hand combat would be unnecessary. The few jobs that Starfox did manage to find were mostly escorting cargo from planet to planet. Naturally, no one had the gall to pick a fight with the greatest mercenary team in the galaxy, which meant the escort missions were almost as dull as doing nothing. 

	Bored out of his mind, Fox soon started spending his free time relaxing on the lounge chairs, nibbling on a snack while watching television. For hours at a time, the vulpine captain would vegetate on the comfortable couches, tossing greasy chips into his maw as he enjoyed the over 9000 channels their interstellar T.V planned allowed. Only during the commercials would Fox run to the kitchen for refreshments before planting his furry rear right back on the sofa. Soon enough, his fridge raids became his only source of excersize as Fox realized that, with entertainment just a click of a button away, there wasn't any need to mindlessly wonder the ship in search for something the dull his boredom. Of course, such a relaxed lifestyle was sure to bring about a few consequences as well.



	"Hey guys? Have you seen Fox around lately?" Falco asked as he stepped into main kitchen, the blue avian still wearing his flight uniform despite how early it was. 

	"Is that a rhetorical question? He's by the lounge, like he's always been," Krystal responded abruptly as she stood by the counter by the coffee maker. With a deep scowl on her pretty face, the blue vixen quickly yanked the coffee pot out of the heater before it was even finished, too impatient to even wait for her beverage to be properly heated up. Pouring herself a cup, she hastily sat down at the kitchen table next to Slippy, who was currently tinkering with a small metal box. 

	"Woah, remind me not to piss you off before you've had your coffee," Falco responded defensively, holding up his hands defensively. Dropping the subject completely, the muscular falcon carefully made his way towards the cupboard where he stashed his favorite protein bars. Grabbing one of the chocolate ones, Falco plopped himself down next to Slippy, the blue avian leaning his head over the toad's shoulders. "So, whatcha working on there, brainiac?"

	"Some stuff," Slippy lazily responded as he started winding a coil around one of his contraptions without bothering to even look up.

	"Some 'stuff?' That's it?" Falco asked, indignantly. "The Slippy I know could talk for hours and hours on end about his weird gadgets without taking a single breath! Isn't there at least anything interesting about the 'stuff' you're working on?"

	"Not really," the small toad said, his eyes briefly looking up at Falco before quickly shifting back to his gadgets.

	Not sure how to respond to such an abrupt comment, Falco grumbled and sat at his usual stool. With one head resting on his wing, the young falcon chewed away at his protein bar. Without meaning to, he began to daydream about the good old days of Starfox: flying through the galleries, blowing up enemy ships, and exploring tons of awesome planets. Now, the blue avian was stuck in the past while he dealt with an emotional vixen, an isolated toad, and an absent captain. What did he do to deserve such a cruel fate? Could a wizard have casted a spell on him out of envy due to his good looks? Does a higher power wish to prevent word of his incredible talents from reaching any form of civilization for fear that they would start to warship him instead? Or what if-

	"Hey guys, how's breakfast?" a familiar voice asked from the doorway. Falco spun his head towards the sound of that voice, ecstatic to finally hear from his captain again. Once he made eye contact, however, the avian's delighted face morphed into a more surprised look.

	Fox McCloud, leader of the illustrious Starfox team and defender of the galaxy, was now overweight. In the time between when Falco and the others last saw him until now, Fox had managed to put on an impressive amount of weight. Bypassing the chubby stage, the tubby vulpine sported a distinctive potbelly, the bottom of which was constantly exposed from under his two-sizes-too-small vest. His dull green jeans were at their limit trying to contain all of the furry blubber concealed beneath it, yet did nothing to prevent his thick thighs from brushing against each other from every step he took. His once angular had rounded out to form a pair of chubby cheeks, followed by an extra chin draping from the underside of his muzzle. Even his arms and shoulders appeared much broader than before, giving him a commanding appearance. 

	For a while, nobody said a word as all eyes were turned to Fox. Even Slippy took a break from his contraption to gawk at his captain's sudden transformation. After a few moments of awkward silence, Falco finally spoke up. "What the heck happened to you, Fox? How'd you get so fat in a couple of weeks?"

	"Haha, real funny, Falco," Fox chuckled as he made a beeline for the fridge. Unfortunatly for him, his breakfast would have to wait as Falco quickly rose from his chair, blocking the corpulent vulpine's path. 

"Are you blind, man?" Falco asked abhorrently as he grabbed a pawful of his captain's soft underbelly, jiggling it vigorously. "How do you not notice this?"

	"What? You mean this?" the tubby fox wondered as he rested a chubby paw on his stomach. "That's just the result from last night's binge. I ate so much my vest nearly flew off! I wouldn't be surprised if I'm still digesting the food." Fox chuckled. With his eyes still locked onto the fridge, Fox ducked under Falco's outstretched arm, his wide hips brushing against the avian's thinner waist. 

	With everyone still gawking at him, Fox swiftly opened the refrigerator door, his thick arms jiggling slightly from the effort. Wiggling his hips, the hefty vulpine opened up the bottom drawer and bent over, giving everyone in the room a good view of his oversized rear. Falco silently crossed his fingers, praying to every deity he knew to make sure Fox's pants suddenly didn't rip, for fear of seeing too much of his captain's rear. After a moment of rummaging, the chubby mercenary leader suddenly produced a red box from the bottom shelf.

	Krystal's eyes widened once she recognized what that box contained. "You're eating a Hot Socket for breakfast?"

	"Two, actually," Fox corrected her as he slid the bread-wrapped pizzas into the microwave, his pudgy digits quickly pressing the buttons to heat up his calorie-ladened meal. "There's a marathon of 'Who Wants to Marry a Zordlak' on T.V in a few minutes, so I can't be bothered to get off the couch for snacks for a few hours." 

	"D-do you know how many calories are in those things?" Slippy suddenly blurted out, the toad's eyes staring at the fattened fox without blinking (although that may be because toads don't possess eyelids). Before anyone could say anything, Slippy answered his own question. "Varying from type to type, Hot Sockets contain an average of 800 calories each. If you're gonna eat two, then that means you'd be eating almost your entire recommended daily caloric intake for breakfast!"

	Fox blushed and bit his lower lip, the chubby vulpine starting to feel a little anxious. It's been quite some time since he had spoken with any of his crew mates, and the first thing they do is chastise him for his weight! The pudgy fox would have expected Falco to jump on him for his weight, due the falcon's blunt personality, but Slippy and Krystal? 

	Pressing his ears against the back of his head, Fox looked down at himself, his bloated neck squishing slightly against itself. Now that he had a second look at himself, he was a little rotund, especially around his midsection. Due to his obstructive stomach, Fox had to crane his head forward quite a bit just to see the edge of his feet. A cold sweat went through the vulpine's flabby back as he thought about himself a hundred pounds heavier: too fat to fit in his uniform, or any military-grade uniform for that matter! At 200 pounds heavier, the doors would start to squish in on him, leaving him to rely on his crew mates to push him through. He could start using his own stomach as a table for his meals once he reached 300 pounds heavier, however he would be forced to do so once he reached 400 pounds heavier, due to his massive stomach preventing him from reaching the counter. In fact, at 500 pounds heavier, he wouldn't be getting up much at all!

	"W-woah," Fox stammered as he grabbed at his love handles, feeling the furry chub squish into his hands like a plastic bag full of mashed potatoes. "I-I guess I'm starting to overdo it with the T.V and food binging. I had no idea I was starting to pack on this much weight! I better get to the gym an-"

	Ding!

	"Oh, food's ready!" Fox exclaimed as he swiftly turned his back to his crewmates, the heavy-set captain completely forgetting what he was stressed out about as he reached for his plate of microwaved minipizzas. Licking his chops greedily, the gluttonous fox snatched the Hot Sockets and made for the door, his furry tail wagging against his plump rump.

	Completely baffled by his leader's abrupt change in emotion, Falco quickly stepped forward. "What the heck? I thought you were gonna go to the gym! What about your weight?"

	"What about it?" Fox asked before rounding the corner, disappearing from sight.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/17193703/