A quickie for  blkdragon involving the usual vices. It sorta takes place as a sequel to Growing Pains although you don't need to read that 10k word monstrocity to understand this story fortunately, haha. 

Alan is desperate to please BLK with his cooking, although his skills in the kitchen leave much to be desired. Out of frustration, the magical demon infuses his own magic into his food to try and improve the quality. Somehow, that works, but what will he do when BLK starts demanding more and more? 

I hope you all enjoy~



	“Add a pinch of paprika and...stir more? Really?” Alan glared at the cookbook, tempted to throw it across the room. His arms already felt like they were about to pop off from how long he had been stirring this enormous pot of stew for. Maybe that’s what the cookbook meant by it being “Slow Cooked?” If only he had one of those fancy automatic stirring cauldrons. With a sigh, Alan ignored his complaining arms and dropped in the required spice before stirring the pot once again. 

	Maybe if he was a little taller, this would be a bit easier. Standing at three and a half feet tall, the scarlet red demon had to stand on a chair in order to reach over the kitchen counter, and even then he had to lean far forward in order to reach the ladle he was using to stir the stew. As such, his upper body ached and his arms felt ready to collapse, but he wasn’t going to give up. After all, this was nothing compared to the daily struggles his roommate faced away from home. 

	Satisfied that he had properly mixed in the last of the spices, Alan scooped a ladleful of the stew and poured it into a nearby bowl, making sure to get a ton of carrots, onions, and beef. As he did so, the demon couldn’t help but wrinkle his little nose horn as the scent wafted up towards his nostrils. It smelled...complex. There were a ton of various spices and other ingredients brewing about in there, after all. Maybe it’s supposed to smell kinda weird, and it would somehow make it taste better in comparison? Alan knew he was grasping at straws here, but what other explanation did he have? 

	Deciding not to worry about it, the little demon hopped off the chair and scurried out of the kitchen to the dining room, where his roommate sat waiting for him. His ear fins drooped at the sight of the chubby, 7 foot tall dragon slumping against the table, barely propping his head up in his arms. He knew BLK’s work days were stressful, but the poor guy was looking absolutely withered. Even the drake’s spotted brown hide was starting to lose its sheen, his white hair a disheveled mess. Anyone else looking at the pitiful drake would have easily assumed the lack of color in BLK’s hair was a result of whatever stress he was dealing with at work, as opposed to his actual natural hair color. 

	Despite his exhaustion, BLK slowly looked up from the table and smiled wearily at the approaching demon. “You didn’t have to go out of your way to cook dinner for me, Alan. I really don’t mind microwaving a couple Hot Pockets or something.” 

	“Yeah yeah, you’ve told me this like five times already today,” Alan smirked, sliding the bowl to the hungry drake. “Besides, I think it’s about time you ate something that didn’t have a ton of fats and carbs for once. You’re supposed to be on a diet, remember?” 

	“Don’t remind me,” BLK sighed. While not quite fat, the dragon was still a bit on the portly side, his chubby belly resting on his soft thighs as he sat slightly hunched over, no doubt the result of his lack of exercise and countless stress binges. He didn’t exactly have the time to go jogging, nor did he have the mental fortitude to resist a few extra trips to the kitchen. 

	Alan chuckled. “Well, you’re in luck, big guy. I got a piping hot bowl of lot-fat deliciousness with your name on it! This bad boy’s gonna perk you up and make up for your crappy work day guaranteed, or your money back!”

	“But...I didn’t pay you to do this.”

	“Exactly, so it’s a win-win” 

	Even with his exhaustion, BLK couldn’t help but chuckle at the demon’s witty banter. “Alright, you sold me. I’ll give it a taste.” 

	Bouncing excitedly, Alan bounded over to the dragon’s side as he watched BLK pull the stew closer, giving it a quick whiff. A quick whiff that ended with BLK wrinkling his snout, causing Alan’s heart to plummet. He could tell BLK’s grin was forced as the dragon picked up a spoonful of broth, looking at it nervously before glancing back at Alan. “I-I mean, I’m not so sure I’m worthy of partaking in this...exquisite meal. You worked so hard on it and-”

	“You hate it, don’t you?” 

	Alan watched as BLK sighed, lowering the spoon back into the bowl. “Please don’t be mad, Alan. I genuinely, truly appreciate everything you do, but...this smells very off.”

	“Is that right?” The red demon leaned over the bowl, pretending to take a few whiffs of the steaming stew. It was hard to fake his grin afterwards, even as his eyes started to water at the stench. Phew, that was rank! “O-oh...silly me, I...forgot a couple ingredients...let me just fix that real quick.”

	“Alan, wait!” BLK made to get up from his chair, but his roommate was quick to sit him back down, before taking the bowl with him. “Don’t worry, bud! This will smell and taste waaaaay better soon!” 

	And with that, the little imp hummed cheerfully to himself as he strode back into the kitchen, set the bowl down on the counter, opened the microwave, placed his head inside of it, and screamed. Loudly. What the heck was wrong with him?! Why can’t he make anything appetizing? The dragon poured through that cookbook again and again and again, yet he couldn't even make beef stew. Stew, for crying out loud! Every college brat who wanted to try and impress their friends could make it with whatever the heck they had laying around, yet why couldn’t he, the supernatural being from another dimension, figure it out?

	Even with his head in the microwave, he could still hear BLK call out from the dining room. “Are you alright, Alan? Did something happen?” 

	“Yeah, just stubbed my toe was all!” Alan sighed. His reading comprehension was awful, there was no denying it. If he had someone showing him how to cook, then maybe he could learn faster, but trying to learn everything from a book just wasn’t working for him. He slumped back onto his chair and dumped the bowl’s contents into the pot, frowning. He had no idea where he went wrong either; all he knew was that the stew smelled and tasted rank, and it was all his fault for not doing something right. 

	“Now what am I supposed to do?” He moaned, glancing towards the cookbook. There was no chance the book would have instructions on how to resurrect this failed meal, and even if there was one, wouldn’t he just mess that up too? The longer he spent trying to figure out how to fix this mess, the more he would take up BLK’s precious time. Gritting his teeth in frustration, Alan picked up the book and threw it across the kitchen, watching it soar through the air before colliding with the opposite wall and collapsing into a heap of pages. “This isn’t fair!” He slumped back down on the chair, wrapping his tail around his legs. If only there was some sort of miracle ingredient he could just shove into all of his food to make it taste decent…

	Oh wait, there was. 

	Alan perked up, looking at the hot pot curiously. What if he added a special ingredient into this stew, something that the writer of the cookbook would know nothing about? Rubbing his red paws together, the demon gently placed his palms against the metal container, wincing from the sudden heat. “Concentrate, Alan. This is for BLK’s sake.” Taking a few deep breaths, Alan closed his eyes and pressed firmer, feeling the heat slowly subside from his paws, until the container felt nearly ice cold despite the bowling water inside of it. 

	Once he was confident the ‘ingredient’ had been added, Alan released his grip on the pot and peered inside. He could have sworn the broth looked slightly darker, but aside from that there was no obvious change. The demon bit his lip nervously. Did he use too little magic? This was the first time he was transferring his power into an object without the intent of causing an incredible surge of growth, so he made sure to use only the bare minimum of magic needed, willing it to make his stew as delicious and irresistible as possible. After all, it was for a good cause. 

	Alan scooped up another bowl and returned to the kitchen, his tail twitching nervously. If he messed this up, BLK would literally shoot through the roof! 

	Luckily, BLK didn’t look the slightest bit suspicious when he saw Alan returned, although he was rather apprehensive at the bowl of strange-smelling soup. “Alan, really, you don’t have to go through all this trouble just for me.”

	“‘Course I do, B! Now stop complaining and take a bite already. You can spit it right back out and tell me how disgusting it is once you do!” Alan chuckled, his ear fins pressing tightly against his head. Deep down, he actually was hoping BLK would spit it out; at least then he wouldn’t be subjected to his magic’s side effects. 

	With fingers crossed, he watched as BLK slowly slurped up a spoonful of stew...followed by another...and then another. Both reptiles looked quite surprised as the dragon found himself unable to put down the spoon, ravenously devouring not just the broth, but the vegetables and meat as well! 

It was only after the majority of the bowl had been cleaned out before BLK finally spoke. “W-woah, that was amazing! What did you add into it, Alan?” The drake said, even as he lifted the bowl to his lips to slurp down the remainder of his meal. 

Alan’s grin spread from ear to ear, secretly grateful that BLK wasn’t immediately doubling in size. “H-heh, a chef never reveals their secret.” 

“What, is this gonna suddenly make me 50 feet tall like your watermelon drink did?” BLK chuckled, completely missing the nervous look Alan gave him. “Actually, even if that did happen, I wouldn’t even care as long as I got to taste some more! Is there enough stew for seconds?” 

Alan blinked. This was quite the drastic change from his normally-cautious roommate. Still, it warmed his heart seeing BLK smiling so broadly for once. This was turning into a fantastic idea! “O-oh, of course! Let me refill that for ya, B.” 

Alan made many trips from the kitchen to the dining room, refilling the same bowl for BLK to devour again and again, until there was simply nothing left! Neither of them could explain how the dragon had such an incredible appetite, although Alan did joke that this was the reason the drake needed a diet. Nonetheless, the two of them had a fantastic evening for the first time in what felt like forever. And it was all thanks to his magical cooking! What made this even better was that BLK wasn’t shooting upwards in height with every bowl he consumed, although all that food did end up showing up on his frame towards the end. 

By the time he was down to the last bowl, BLK had abandoned his spoon in favor of upturning the entire bowl into his muzzle, washing it down in seconds. With a quiet burp, the drake murred happily and leaned back in his chair, gently rubbing his bloated stomach. “Urrf, I dunno how you did it, Alan, but that was the best meal I’ve had in ages!” 

“It was probably your biggest meal too,” the demon couldn’t help but retort, glancing at his roommate's middle. The scaly brown dome was stretched full of the contents of an entire pot of stew, sloshing and gurgling noisy as it rippled on top of BLK’s lap. Honestly, Alan was surprised the dragon wasn’t feeling sick after ingesting so much food at one go! 

Instead, BLK almost looked disappointed that there was nothing left for him to eat, the drake casually licking his brown fingers. “I’m serious, Alan. You have bwuurp no idea how proud of you I am! You’ve been struggling with your cooking for months now, but you never gave up or took shortcuts. And now, you honestly just gave me the best meal of my life!”

Alan smiled and blushed at the compliment, although a part of him did feel slightly guilty. He wasn’t quite sure if enfusing the food with his magic was considered taking a shortcut, especially since he really had no idea if the magic would make the food taste better. But, that was his cooking BLK ate. The dragon’s big round belly was full of his food. Maybe he did deserve to be proud of himself. 

And boy was that a nice feeling to have. 

“You know me. I’m annoyingly persistent like that.” Alan stuck his tongue out playfully. 

“Well, I’m glad you figured out how to turn that personality trait of yours into an advantage.” BLK smiled fondly at his little red friend, his paws still rubbing the sides of his swollen middle. “I can’t wait to see what you’ll make for tomorrow, if you wouldn’t mind preparing another wonderful meal like this again, of course.”

Alan, beaming at the praise, was all too happy to oblige.


	“Huh...turns out, Chicken Cordon Bleu is actually kinda hard to make.” 

	Alan rubbed his chin as he looked the cook book, then back at his attempt at recreating what he saw. The cook book’s version had a brownish, flaky exterior, with a gooey interior containing melted cheese, chicken, and ham, all rolled together. The version he made, however, was just a bunch of burnt meat and cheese sloppily molded together with some bread crumbs sprinkled on top of it. It was hardly an appetising meal, but Alan knew that wouldn’t matter once he added his secret ingredient. 

	He hovered his paws over the putrid dish and closed his eyes, feeling his paws start to heat up as he summoned his magic. Gradually, the magic drained from his fingertips into the meat, until his hands were feeling ice cold. Alan breathed a quiet sigh, rubbing some warmth back into his hands. It was taking a little longer than usual for his paws to recover lately. 

	Looking over his handiwork, Alan was pleased to see the weird smell had mostly vanished, and the burnt texture of the meat had crumbled away. The dish still looked quite awful, but then again it was the taste that mattered, not how it looked. Satisfied with himself, Alan grabbed the platter and walked off with it. 

	As he moved, the demon noticed he was feeling unusually fatigued, his arms feeling weak as they carried the meaty dish. He wanted to say it was because of his hard work in the kitchen, but deep down the demon knew it was the result of literally pouring himself into every meal he made. Every dish he created for BLK these past few days had quite a bit of magic poured into it, which, in essence, was basically a part of himself. It was like losing a night's worth of sleep, and while the physical effects were starting to take their toll, Alan made himself smile through it. After all, it was worth it seeing the positive effects his food had on BLK.

	As well as some unintended, albeit hilarious side effects. 

	BLK was beaming even before Alan walked through the doorway, his paws clenching the knife and fork quite tightly. “There’s the chef! What do you have whipped up for us this time?” 

	“Erh, chicken cordon bleu with some asparagus. I think you need a little more greens in your diet.” Alan muttered that last bit to himself as he took in the sight before him. It was a good thing BLK didn’t wear clothes, for he’d be outgrowing them around now. BLK had always been a bit on the heavy side, but in only a week and a half, he had went from a chubby drake to a downright fatty! Those chubby cheeks of his now formed dimples whenever he smiled at his food, his arm fat forming creases when he reaches out to scoop up his meals, even his tail was starting to form a couple folds whenever it wagged. It was a miracle the wooden chair he sat on hadn’t yet crumpled beneath the weight of the tubby dragon resting upon it, although it’s creaks of agony was telling enough that it’s days are certainly numbered. 

	Taking another glance at the dragon, Alan could have swore BLK was starting to grow taller as well! Before, the once-7-foot drake’s gut dug into the table, but now he could rest his entire beach-ball belly on top of it! His thick legs were starting to look somewhat cramped beneath the table as well, bending in a sharper angle than before. If Alan had to wager a guess, he’d say his roommate was now around a foot taller, probably even more! 

	It was such a captivating sight, Alan didn’t realize he was staring until BLK spoke up. “Are you alright, Alan? Do I have something on my face?” 

	“O-oh, it’s nothing, B!” Alan shook his head. As much as it would be funny to poke fun at the dragon’s change in size, he knew better than to bring attention to that doughy belly or taller body. BLK looked so happy for once, finally grateful of the little imp’s presence. It felt genuinely amazing to keep the big guy happy, and he knew BLK would immediately lose trust in him once he saw how fat he was getting. 

	So Alan said nothing as he presented his dish to BLK, and BLK said nothing as he ravenously tore through the dish. Yet again, Alan’s pride swelled as he watched something he worked so hard to create be put to such good use, even if he knew that the only part BLK actually enjoyed was the magic behind the cooking. Still, he made sure to stand firm and smile proudly. “Don’t eat it all in one go, dude. Savor the flavor a bit.” 

	“M’hm,” was BLK’s response, although any decline in his food intake was minimal at best. The only time he put down the fork was to take a swig of his glass of milk, but right after he finished it was right back to eating. With how fast BLK was devouring his food, Alan could have sworn the dragon was actually growing in real time! It wasn’t too noticeable, of course, but as his spotted roommate finished off the remainder of his plate, Alan swore his brown belly spread out a little further across the table, or his horns were a bit closer to the ceiling, or his chair creaked just a little bit louder. 

	BLK seemed oblivious to all of these signs as he leaned back in his chair to pat his jiggling belly. “Boy, that certainly hit the spot! I swear, your meals are getting tastier and tastier, Alan!” 

	“Heh, well what can I say? I learn with experience,” the demon chuckled, grabbing the dirtied plate. It was so weird seeing BLK so oblivious to all that belly chub, especially when he had been complaining nonstop about his diet and weight for the past few months! 

	Now, the dragon was having fun squeezing his doughy brown tum. “Honestly, if you weren’t my roommate, I’d hire you to be my personal chef! I still can’t believe how delicious your recent meals have been.” 

	Alan simply chuckled. He wasn’t sure what else to add to this conversation. Instead, he yawned and bid the fat dragon goodnight before retreating back into the kitchen to do dishes. This magic food business was starting to get a little draining for the demon, but Alan didn’t care. BLK was really proud of him, so he’ll endure, no matter what. 


	“Alaaaan, how much longer!?”

	“Just a few more minutes, B!” Alan groaned. He had answered that question at least 5 times today, and he felt a little bit of his energy sap away every time he answered it, as if indulging the dragon in conversation now required magic as well. He had already shoved the food into the oven and was simply waiting for it to cook; there was no possible way for him to speed up the cooking process anymore. 

	He was exhausted. Alan’s eyes had sunken in, with small grey circles appearing around them that grew more and more noticeable as the days went by. Normally, the little red demon found it difficult to stand still for more than 5 minutes at a time, but now he considered the chance to sit down and rest a blessing. It was bad enough that he had to constantly dump more and more magic into BLK’s food to keep him hooked, with servings that grew as the dragon did, but he now found himself having to play carpenter and clean up after the messes BLK made. He was completely unaware of his grand size, after all, and as such went about life completely unawares. Breaking furniture and cracking the ceiling were starting to become a daily routine for the large dragon, but Alan made sure not to say a word. He would clean it up quickly, and BLK would just assume the wood was warping after some time. 

	“Alaaaaan, I’m starving over her-”

	“Calm your fatass down!” 

	Alan facepalmed. He was running on a short fuse lately, and as such was starting to scream and curse at the smallest things. Somehow, BLK never caught on as to what was going on with the demon, and Alan wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not. Three weeks ago, when Alan started this new idea, his mind was full of the praises and compliments he would receive from his roommate, as well as the pride he felt in doing something right. Now, with his magic reserves drying up with every day, only a single thought entered the little imp’s mind: “How much longer can I keep this up?” 

	Fortunately, the over timer rang before he could think anymore negative thoughts. Foregoing the use of oven mitts, Alan reached in and grabbed the massive glass dish of lasagna, grateful to finally feel some warmth once again in his freezing fingertips. The dish was heavy, the demon’s arms shaking as he gradually pulled it out. It was a miracle he didn’t topple over from the sheer weight of it, but with some help from his tail to use as a counter lever, he managed to maneuver the entire dish, which alone was nearly a third of his size, onto a trolley. 

	To call it lasagna was really stretching it, but Alan simply didn’t have the time or energy to even put any effort into his crappy meals anyways. It was just a brown pile of gunk with undercooked noodles layered inside of it. It looked and smelled hideous, but Alan didn’t care. He could probably pour his magic into a slab of concrete and BLK would lick it like a popsicle. Why bother trying to actually make his meals look good and edible when it was the magic behind them that made them taste so good? 

	Alan wanted to fall over and collapse, his forehead damp with sweat, yet he knew his job wasn’t done. He would have taken a small break, but the constant pleas of his roommate reminded him that if he were to look weak now, BLK might catch on that something was wrong. Taking a few deep breaths, the demon held his arms over the lasagna, channeling his magic into it as he had done for countless meals.

	This time, the icy cold feeling extended past his fingertips and paws, and ended right as his forearms, prompting a shiver from the imp. This was starting to get a little dangerous, he realized. The last time he had even felt close to being this weak was when he turned BLK into a giant, 50 foot tall monster and ran away while he stomped through a city. He had never been this magically-fatigued before, and a part of him was worried about what would happen if he kept this up. 

	But, another part of him was too afraid to even consider backing down now. 

	Alan pushed the trolley, ladled with a pitcher of Watermelon juice, breadsticks, and of course the lasagna. The cart alone probably weighed as much as Alan did, ladled with enormous portions of food meant for an entire family. All his meals were this sized lately, and as he crossed into the dining room, it was evident where all that food was going to. 

	“Phew, about time. I was starting to waste away here!” 

	Alan had never heard a bigger lie in his life. BLK no longer needed a chair to reach the table, propped up by his own incredible height and partially by his cushy rear. He had to be at least double his original height now, evident by the scrape marks left on the ceiling by his horns. His legs wrapped around the table now, his thighs too thick and chunky to even fit beneath it now. Of course, looking at the drake’s gut, Alan had figured that the table was pretty much obsolete at this point. 

	BLK wasn’t just growing up, he was growing out! His stomach spilled past his lap and pushed past his stumpy legs, digging into the table against it. His broad back formed thick rolls when he wasn’t hunched over his stomach, his soft chest plumpening and roundening out into a set of soft moobs. The drake’s chin grew a set of companions that quivered when he spoke, along with a pair of cheeks adoring his lengthy muzzle that constantly looked stuffed full of food, an accurate description given how BLK looked like he had never stepped more than 15 feet outside of a kitchen! All in all, the dragon looked like an oversized, overstuffed plushie rather than an actual person! 

A very overstuffed plushie. 

	“H-here you go, B,” Alan smiled weakly as he pulled the trolley closer to his roommate. “Fresh from the oven. The book says to wait around 20 minutes for it to cool so try to,” he was interrupted as a large fatty paw shot forward for the entire dish, pulling it atop his shelf of a gut before digging in. “...pace yourself.” 

	Why did he bother saying anything? 

	Alan watched at the lasagna he poured so much of himself into was devoured by the ravenous fatso before him. He tried to feel proud again, proud of that dimpled smile from BLK, or how he smacked his lips with every bite, but that dark inkling of guilt kept bubbling up inside him. Ignoring it at first, Alan felt it rise higher and higher until he finally couldn’t contain it anymore. “H-hey, B? U-uh...how’s your diet going?” 

	Always the polite dragon, BLK waited until he had swallowed his current mouthful before speaking again. “Diet, Schmiet. I’ve been feeling so much better since I stopped counting calories, man. It’s like a weight was lifted off my shoulders.”

	“And right onto your gut,” Alan couldn’t help but mutter under his breath. 

	“What was that?” 

	“I-I mean, uh, you’ve, eh, grown a bit, is all.” 

	BLK paused with his glass halfway to his mouth, looking down at himself. Alan’s heart nearly stopped, afraid he had just triggered the dragon to suddenly snap back to reality, but to his surprise, the drake snickered and patted his wobbling tum. “Eeeeh, probably! It’s just a couple pounds, Alan, nothing to worry about. Besides, I’ve been feeling fantastic!” 

	“R-really?” Alan blinked. 

	“Yeah! I can actually get through the day just fine without coffee or energy drinks for once. I don’t immediately pass out when I flop onto the bed, and I don’t wake up feeling dead inside. It’s like your food has the exact opposite effect on me than the TV meals I’m so used to eating.” 

	“O-oh, is that right?” Alan genuinely didn’t know how to react to that news. BLK wasn’t just looking better, he was feeling better! Even if he just ate disgusting sludge, the dragon really was getting through the day with a big smile on his chubby muzzle! All that magic stored inside him must be giving him an incredible amount of energy if he’s feeling so perky and happy, even after another rough business day. Alan allowed himself a slight smile at knowing he was helping the dragon so much, and swallowed back his crippling anxiety of wasting away. 

	Soon, the last of the lasagna had vanished into that enormous muzzle, and BLK allowed himself a quiet burp before patting his stomach. “Aaaah, that really hit the spot, as usual. Hey Alan, would you mind making me another one?” He asked, placing the empty tray onto the cart. 

	Alan did mind, actually. “W-what?!” 

	BLK somehow missed the panicked look his roommate gave him as he squeezed his jiggly belly, causing it to wobble quite noisily. “I know you’re trying to give me smaller and smaller portions, and I appreciate you trying to look out for me like that. But like I said earlier, I really don’t care about my diet anymore. That stupid thing was what was making me so tired and lethargic anyways. So, uh, can I get another helping, please?” 

	A nervous bead of sweat trickled down the demon’s neck. How was he supposed to tell BLK that he was increasing the servings, and that the dragon was literally outgrowing his own helpings?

	The answer was not to tell him anything at all. 

	“S-sure thing, B! More lasagna, coming right up!” Chuckling nervously, Alan slowly pushed the trolley back into the kitchen, shivering. He would do it. He would make as much food for BLK as the dragon wanted. He would keep his friend happy, whatever it takes. 




BLK had no idea what was taking Alan so long. The little demon was starting to take longer and longer to make his meals lately, especially ever since he started asking for seconds and thirds, but this was really late even for Alan! The dragon thought about calling out again, but considering how snappy the demon’s mood had been lately, he was afraid to say anything. Seriously, just yesterday he asked for an extra napkin and Alan nearly bit his finger off! BLK wondered if something was wrong with his friend. 

That thought was pushed right out as soon as the smell of warm gravy suddenly flowed through his snout, eliciting a small waterfall to form in his maw. Another few sniffs, and BLK noticed other scents mixing with the gravy. Meaty smells like turkey and ham, or sweet smells like apple or pumpkin pie, all giving the dragon visions of a wonderful feast being prepared just for him. No wonder Alan was taking so long preparing this meal, he was going all out! 

Grinning in anticipation, BLK quickly sat upright to prepare for his meal. However, he was cut short as a sudden pain slammed against the top of his skull, a loud craaaack echoing above him. How odd. The dragon frowned as he scratched his head, feeling bits of debris fall onto his giant snout before getting lost beneath him. This was starting to happen a lot more frequently now, much to his annoyance. It was bad enough that he had to crawl around on all fours like a feral now to get around, something that was becoming increasingly more difficult due to some resistance that was building up around his thighs, but now he couldn’t even sit upright without bumping into something? What was it that hovered above him anyways? The ceiling was still like 10 feet above him, so it had to be something else, right? 

His groggy mind could never fit the pieces together like that, and even if he could figure it out, he was always cut off by the realization that food was suddenly on his way, ergo making any other thought irrelevant. Case in point, the literal trolleys of food being pushed in! BLK’s heart melted as he saw the endless platters, rubbing his chubby paws together eagerly. There was just so much to eat! Mashed potatoes and turkey and stuffing and corn pudding and sweet potato casserole and so much more! BLK actually found himself gulping multiple times to swallow back the torrent of saliva building up within his maw. Sure, it all genuinely looked terrible, the only way BLK could actually tell apart the different foods was by smell alone. Heck, the turkey wasn’t even an actual turkey - BLK had no idea what kind of meat that even was! Yet he knew from experience that when it came to the red imp’s cooking, looks can be deceiving. Alan really has outdone himself! 

He was so focused on the food, however, that it almost didn’t even register the little demon until he finally spoke up. “Here. Enjoy.” 

BLK was somewhat put off by his friend’s bluntness, and turned towards him to ask about it, only to gasp in shock.

Alan looked absolutely terrible! Bags formed under the imp’s once bright and cheerful eyes, which were now permanently half-lidded. His pearly nose horn was now yellowed and chipping, his crimson scales were a dull reddish-brown, even his eyes looked reddened with bloodshot. What particularly shocked BLK, however, was just how gaunt his friend was! He could count every last bone on the skinny demon’s ribcage, and could even make out the outlines of many others along those rail-thin arms and legs! No wonder he was shivering so bad, the poor guy didn’t have much in the way of insulation. 

“A-are you feeling alright, Alan?”

Alan glared back at BLK with such fever that, for once, he felt small! “Never better, thanks for asking! Just slaving away trying to keep your fatass fed!” 

BLK stared at Alan with wide eyes, unsure of where all of this emotion was coming from. “A-alan, what’s wrong? I thought you liked cooking for me.” He asked, and with complete honesty too. He had seen the way Alan’s eyes lit up when he devoured those meals, how excited and eager the little imp was to please. 

Now, however, Alan was not smiling. “Yeah, I did, way back when your appetite was kinda manageable! Now you’re just an overgrown blob who doesn’t even realize it! Do you know how many times I’ve had to fix the doorway after you’ve smashed through it with your own bulk, or how often I’ve had to fix and repaint the ceiling from all the holes your thick skull has made? I’m surprised the ground hasn’t caved out from under you yet! Now hurry up and eat your freaking food and forget any of this happened!”

This time, it was BLK’s turn to shiver. Alan may not have intended it, but those words pierced through the dragon’s chubby head, carrying with them enough magic to snap him back to reality. It was as if a veil had been lifted from him, and he was finally seeing the world again. 

As well as his own body. 

“Oh man…” BLK’s jaw dropped, blushing as he felt his chins collide with one another. He was huge! Even sitting hunched back, he was still rubbing against the top of the ceiling, taking up nearly a quarter of the dining room with his sheer bulk alone. Feeling his heart pounding, the drake carefully reached out and wrapped his arms around his belly, feeling it mold and warp around his limbs. He was used to suddenly growing upwards, but to grow outwards for a change...“When did this all happen?”

“Erh...when you noticed my food started tasting good,” Alan muttered, looking rather sheepish now that he realized he accidently lifted BLK’s enchantment. 

BLK shrieked. “That was almost two months ago!” He was transfixed now, quickly reaching around and grabbing at various fattened sections of his body, feeling parts of himself compress and flatten into folds depending on where he leaned. Man, even his tail felt like an overstuffed sausage! “You mean I’ve been stuffing myself into a sumo all this time?!” 

Alan weakly nodded his head, his trembling intensifying. For a moment, BLK thought it was from fear. The dragon wanted to roar and scream at the demon for making him so massive, for causing so much damage to his house and his own frame, yet looking at Alan, BLK could tell the damage wasn’t restricted to just there. So instead, he simply spoke one word. “Why?” 

BLK expected a myriad of reasons, ranging from “because I can,” to “it’s fun watching you humiliate yourself.” What he didn’t expect, however, was for Alan’s eyes to start watering. “B-because I’m useless!”

Without warning, Alan flung himself onto the dragon, the ice-cold demon clinging to his fattened friend’s blubbery belly as he sobbed. “I can’t do anything! Not a single freaking thing! I couldn’t take it anymore, B, I just couldn’t! Everytime I try to something nice, it blows up in my face. Every single time! I’m a freeloader. You work all day and exhaust yourself just to give me a happy life, and I couldn’t do the same for you” 

	BLK whimpered. “Alan, please!” 

	Alan didn’t listen. “I finally figured out how to make you happy, but it used up so much magic, you have no idea! I really really wanted to keep you happy, but I-I..I thought I was gonna die, B!” The demon wailed, and BLK could feel ice cold tears smear onto his gut where Alan lay. “I..I..I couldn’t stop! I was doing something good for once, and I couldn’t stop! I don’t wanna go back to being useless and in the way! I’d rather die, a-and I almost did!” 

	Just hearing Alan’s heartfelt confession made the dragon shed a tear of his own, feeling it travel the length of his chubby cheeks before vanishing above his neckrolls. “Alan, you mean so much more to me than that. You have no idea how devastated I would be if you sacrificed yourself for that. You’re my best friend, and no matter what, through thick and thin, I’ll always want you around.” And with that, he carefully picked up the imp with his plump fingers and placed him on top of his doughy chest, where he proceeded to give his friend the squishiest hug he had ever received. 

	Of course, BLK had to hold back a little, as he didn’t want to smother the poor guy. However, much to his delight, he heard the demon purring softly as he returned the hug. The two sat there in each other’s arms, the soft and warm dragon trying to heat up the bony and freezing imp. Soon, BLK was delighted to hear Alan snicker again, the same snicker he did when he was up to something nefarious. “Thick and thin, huh? Those words fit this situation well, unlike you and this room.”

	“Can it, small fry,” BLK snickered back, gazing fondly at the little red demon. “You should really eat something though. I can’t bear the sight of you so skinny, especially when I’m pretty much the opposite.” 

	“Nah, I’m not hungry. This is just what happens when I’m running low on magic,” Alan explained. “If you wouldn’t mind, though, I would like my magic back. I kinda need it to function, after all.” 

	BLK blinked. “You can take it all back? You mean I’m not stuck a giant fatso?”

	“Well, yeah, of course, but do you haaaaave to shrink back down? You’re so cozy like this,” Alan murred, rubbing his cheek against the drake’s squishy chest. 

	As strange as this all felt, BLK had to admit that there was a certain level of enjoyment he got out of being so large and heavy. It was almost kind of comforting, like being his own personal blanket, and it made him happy to see how comfortable Alan looked nuzzling against him. BLK never really did consider himself much of a cuddler, but he could get used to this. “Maybe I’ll let you fatten me up again some other time, but right now you should really get your magic back. We have a lot of cleaning up to do, after all.” 

	“Fiiiiine,” Alan huffed indignantly, but not even the cranky demon could suppress a smile as he leaned back to wipe his eyes. Soon, the ice-cold body started to heat up as BLK gradually shrank, the room around him growing larger and larger in comparison. In no time at all, the dragon was back to his original height. His original weight, however…

	“I’m still fat?!” BLK gaped at himself, his goat-like ears folding as he discovered that, in comparison to the rest of him, his belly had barely shrunk at all! Even back to his 7 foot height, his stomach was still the size of a yoga ball, squishing outwards slightly by the demon resting on it, now back to his original color and health. Man, just the fact that Alan could actually use his gut as a couch made the drake blush a bright crimson red. 

	Meanwhile, Alan enjoyed his new seat quite a bit, bouncing a bit to create ripples. “Heheh, looks like the next cookbook I get is gonna be one for dieters, huh?”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/31939183/