No, this isn't a late April Fool's joke, I've finally decided to finish this series :p

I'll admit, it felt really weird jumping back into a story series I started (and forgot about) about two years ago. 

In any case, I hope you all enjoy~

(Also here's Part 1, in case you need a refresher: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/30823214/)



	“98...99...100! I dare say, you’ve broken your personal record, sir!” Kyle mused, dropping the last frozen, chocolate-covered banana into that gaping maw below him. His pudgy tail wiggled happily, the shift in weight causing the great golden belly below him to wobble and jiggle precariously. In the back of his mind, he knew he probably shouldn’t be shaking around his resting place so much, but he couldn’t help but wiggle excitedly. Besides, it’s not like he was in any danger of falling off, not when his perch was wider than himself! 

	The mountain of scaly chub below him let loose a heavy, chocolate-flavored belch before grinning, licking his puffy muzzle. “Hmmf, a hundred already? That was nothing, I could eat a hundred more!” As if to emphasize his point, the gluttonous croc gave his gut, one of the few things his bloated arms could still reach, a hefty slap, sending it into a jiggling frenzy. 

	Kyle’s grin widened as he clung to his waterbed, feeling the thick fat beneath him quiver without end. Carefully, he crawled forward until their muzzles were less than an inch away, the tubby kremling unable to hide the blush on his cheeks. “I don’t doubt that at all, sir,” he smirked, before leaning down to steal a kiss from his king’s lips, right in full view of everyone working in the throne room. 

	After that fateful stormy night several weeks ago, K. Rool had given up trying to hide his relationship with Kyle, or even the reasoning behind the smaller kremling’s sudden weight gain. They didn’t reveal their relationship, so much as they simply grew annoyed with keeping it a secret from everyone else. With the sheer amount of kremlings volunteering to work in the throne room lately, it was impossible for the two of them to get any alone time, to the point where they simply gave up hiding their true feelings. 

	And, to their surprise, nobody appeared to even notice. Nothing changed around the base; the kremlings continued on admiring their ruler, even when he was cuddling with another kremling. At first, Kyle simply assumed that they were just scared to say anything. Considering they had spent the past month idolizing their fat crocodile king, they would look pretty hypocritical if they raised any complaints now. But, as he later found out, the kremlings didn’t care who their king’s partner was. In fact, Kyle was still made fun of even after the news came out! It was as if literally nothing had changed; only this time, Kyle let the name-calling bounce right off him. No one could seriously call him little now, just look at the size of his gut! And if they called him fat, well, they weren’t wrong. The smaller kremling even grinned whenever others brought up his girth, finding enjoyment from the attention for once. Was this what it was like to have self confidence? 

	In any case, as much fun as it was being so rotund, Kyle started to slow down his growth so he could better support his partner. Sure, he would miss the feeling of going up size after size, of pushing his stomach to the very limit, of feeling the pressure on his knees whenever he tried standing after a heavy meal. Heck, just thinking about it, the tubby kremling was actually considering going back to his gaining lifestyle. 

	However, just looking down at his king, his king, made him reconsider. 

	K. Rool’s smirk never left his face as he returned that smooch, his enormous cheeks smothering his underling before their lips even met. “Would you be a dear and scritch around my belly button? And while you’re at it, order someone to make me a few dozen banana eclairs?” The enormous croc asked gently, unbefitting for a king. He’d been letting Kyle shout all of his demands lately; he’d do it himself, of course, but he’d rather save his jaw muscles for eating. His eyes rolled back in bliss as he felt his lover do as he was told, feeling the tubby kremling crawl along his impossibly massive middle, kneading his bloated stomach deep within entire feet of lard, all while barking at his underlings for more food. The kid still had a lot to learn, such as not saying “please” to his inferiors, but he was steadily improving! 

	He was the centerpiece of the throne room, the first thing anyone saw when they entered. He was also incredibly massive, far taller laying on his back than he ever was standing up! While he wasn’t gorging himself with bananas at every possible opportunity anymore, the bloated croc settled for enjoying his prized fruit covered in sugar, butter, deep fried, frozen, and in all other manners of cooking. The result was an equally fattening diet, perhaps even more so, one that K. Rool relished every pound of the way.

	Every scaley inch of his hide was bloated with blubber, filled with fat, stretched with cellulite. K. Rool barely even resembled a croc anymore, more like an overstuffed blimped version of his species. His belly, his magnificent, shining jewel of a gut, rose before him like a mountain of gold, dominating his vision with its jiggling splendeur. It had become a monument in its own right, a beacon of power to both himself and his kremlings, while also serving as a comfy bed for his lover. After every meal, the obese king demanded his underlings to clean and polish his belly until it shined, a task that required more and more manpower as the weeks went by. Just looking at how large his belly had grown was almost enough to bring a tear to the tyrant’s eye. It was already impressively large, yet K. Rool couldn’t wait to see the day where it would finally brush against the 15 foot high roof. No blemishes, no folds, no creases could be found anywhere on his gut, making it look like some incredible, golden water balloon. 

	The same could almost be said for the rest of his body. His face was incredibly puffy, with two enormous cheeks that bulged out further than his lengthy crocodilian muzzle, as well as sporting a series of cascading chins that bunched up against his perky chest. His arms were severely limited in their range of movement, the thick limbs nearly as wide as a kremling’s waistline and permanently against his sides. His legs didn’t fare any better, the underused appendages as wide as tires, at least the parts that could still be seen from beneath his towering middle. Not even his tail was spared, now a series of thick rolls that couldn’t even so much as wiggle, not that the corpulent king minded. 

	K. Rool had never been happier! This radical change in his diet and lifestyle had left him incredibly lazy, but it was a change that everyone in the fortress loved. He practically gave up trying to run his fortress, leaving most of his crew on standby while occasionally barking an order. This meant less mandatory training drills, and more free time to celebrate, and of course visiting their impressive blob of a king. The enormous croc couldn’t help but purr loudly as he felt Kyle’s claws scritch around his bloated navel, his smile dimpling his cheeks further. No responsibilities meant no worries! He was free to be spoiled and pampered by thousands of his loyal minions, all he had to do was eat and eat and-

	Alarms suddenly blared throughout the entire room, alarms K. Rool had completely forgotten he had installed months ago, back when he was a serious commander and could still see his feet. The room flashed red as all the kremlings in the room leapt in the air, yelling and panicking! It was total chaos; reptiles running into each other, frantically shouting for orders to be given in order to be heard beyond the deafening siren. Of course, most of those shouts were directed at the K. Rool, their Commander and Chief, their Captain, their King. 

	But unfortunately, he was just as lost as they were! 

	“Q-quiet down, you lot!” He tried shouting again and again, but his voice was drowned out by the cacophony of noises surrounding him! Panic started setting in when he heard Donkey Kong brought up, a name that sent chills down the croc’s broad-as-a-barn back. He had completely forgotten about that accursed ape, and how all of his fame and fortune (not to mention his weight) were all on account of stealing the simian’s banana stash! He wasn’t fit to fight the enraged monkey at all; he hasn’t even left his throne room in months! The king’s lip trembled, his heart pounding furiously in his flabby chest. He was too fat to run or hide…

	“What will you have us do, sir?” 

	A familiar voice asked him calmly, as opposed to the worried and frenzied voices surrounding him. K. Rool turned his head as far as his tire of a neck would allow him to see Kyle standing by his side. The tubby kremling showed no sign of anxiety or nervousness, a first for the normally-timid reptile. He was calm and collected, confident even, as he gazed into his king’s eyes. “Just give us the word, sir.” 

	That struck a chord within the obese croc, whose mind started working a mile a minute. Kyle hadn’t lost confidence in him, so why should he? He was still the king here, even if he was massively obese! He had led his followers through much worse than this, after all! Donkey Kong had constantly ravaged their fortress, and every time they managed to make it out just fine. This time will be no different!

	With a deep breath, K. Rool prepared to summon up the loudest roar he could muster, but instead of a roar-

	“BUUWAAAAUAAAARRRRRRUUURP!”

	It was unexpected, but it still did the trick! The panicking kremlings all froze in place, staring wide eyed at their leader. K. Rool watched as they gathered around his head, making sure to maintain a stern composure, which was difficult with cheeks larger than his head. “We’re not gonna roll over so easily to some smelly ape and his pesky friend, ya hear?! Now push me into a sitting position, I’ve got a plan in mind. Why are you still dawdling about?! I said push me, ya morons!” 

	Yelping at the sudden harshness in their commander’s voice, the kremlings were quick to gather behind the king, throwing themselves against their ruler’s massive back. All the while, they were grinning ear to ear. Their king was back, and he had a plan! 


	Truthfully, K. Rool didn’t have any sort of plan; he simply said that to inspire his minions into action. Fortunately, he had quite a while to think of one. Not even with every kremling present could they even hope to budge the tyrant’s titanic back more than a few inches. Special machinery had to be brought in, and even that creaked and groaned. K. Rool tried his best not to smile at the thought of being too heavy for even a machine to move. 

	At least, he was finally in a seated position, his titanic gut flopping onto the ground, spilling past his lap by a good three feet. The croc panted heavily from the ordeal, even if he barely did any of the moving. It was exhausting work just being this big. 

	Taking a moment to catch his breath, he looked down at his gathered troops, which included the leading officers to his squadrons. And, of course, Kyle, his faithful boyfriend, standing closest to his side. “Status update?” 

	The leader of Alpha squadron, Klyde, stepped forward. “Donkey Kong has been spotted traveling through Gorilla Glacier at an alarming rate. Scouts have also noted he’s left behind a trail of wreckage in his wake, no doubt a sign of his insurmountable rage. By our estimations, he should reach Kremkroc Industries within half an hour. Shall we engage?” 

	“Absolutely not, that’s suicide!” K. Rool shouted, much to his own surprise. With his free time, he had gotten to know many of his fellow underlings personally, even coming to know some of them as his friends. The thought of them fighting that crazed gorilla on their own was honestly heartbreaking. “Avoid any direct confrontations with D.K. Fighting him head on has proven to be foolhardy time and time again; it’s time we switched to unconventional methods.”

	He pointed a pudgy finger forward. “Klyde, regroup your squadron, then return to the fortress. Search through the stash for as many banana peels as you can find. You should know what to do next.” 

	Klyde’s eyes lit up as he understood that mischievous grin on his commander’s fat face. “Understood, sir!” He saluted, before dashing out. 

	“Next.” K. Rool grunted as he slowly moved his bloated arm a few inches to the side, pointing at another leader. “Kevin. Join up with Klyde’s squad, but take the stems from any banana peels you find. Load them into your blunderbusses and engage in hit and run tactics. That should serve as an annoying distraction to that cursed chimp, even if won’t outright damage him. If Donkey Kong comes after you, disengage immediately. Your goal isn’t to defeat him or even to stop him, it’s simply to slow him down and buy us time.”

	Kevin’s eyes widened at the harrowing through of a crazed ape chasing him down, but he saluted regardless. “U-understood, sir!” 

	“And the rest of you.” K. Rool didn’t even bother pointing this time. He was already short on breath again from all the orders he’d given. “Gather up every remaining banana we have in storage and feed them to me this instant!” 

	A lot of confused looks and murmurings went around. One brave kremling even spoke up. “I-is this really the time-”

	“Have you forgotten why I’m this size to begin with?!” K. Rool roared, rattling his numerous chins. “It’s to show that lunatic ape who the real king is here, and that’s me! I want every banana fed to me within the hour, or you’ll be fed along with them!” 

	That certainly sent them scurrying away. The obese king sighed and slumped back, taking a moment to catch his breath. This was exhausting, but he wasn’t done yet. He looked down towards Kyle, the tubby kremling looking up at him with those big adorable eyes. “And what about me, sir?” 

	“Kyle, I want you to stay behind me. This...could get brutal,” the obese king gulped. 

	But Kyle didn’t move. The tubby kremling shook his head, planting a warm hug around the commander’s generous midsection. “Not a chance, sir. I’m staying with you till the very end.” 

	“Dangit, Kyle…” K. Rool chuckled, his chest feeling quite warm all of a sudden. “I love you so much.” 



	Banana peels. Banana peels everywhere. 

	The sight of them scattered throughout the factory floor was almost enough to send Donkey Kong into a blind frenzy, but he knew better than to charge in head first. He had go-karted enough times with the Italian plumber to know the lethal effects of stepping on one of the discarded peels. Even the factory equipment looked greased up with banana skins, making it much more difficult to leap about as he normally would. 

	With a disgruntled growl, the muscular simian took careful steps forward. He was not known for taking the slow and steady approach, but running through would surely give him a concussion from how hard he’d slip. Each slow, agonizing step forward he took, not to mention each peel he recognized as a banana from his stash, rekindled his burning rage. He would demolish this entire factory, right after he finished demolishing K. Rool! 

	He was closing in on one of the random conveyor belts, the rotating platforms still functional, despite the lack of any kremlings attending it. Perhaps he could ride it closer to his destination, all while avoiding the dreaded banana peels? The great ape was ready to swing his way up to find out when suddenly-

	KAPLOOW!!

	Donkey Kong yelped in pain as an explosion sounded off in the distance, followed by a sharp pain all along his back! The agony was swift and unexpected, like getting stung by several stingers in rapid succession! His paws frantically rubbed his back, wincing a bit as something sharp was plucked from his hide. The ape growled; he didn’t have to see it to know that he was just shot by banana stems. HIS banana stems! 

	He pivoted around, and caught sight of a pair of very plump, and very pale kremlings, a blunderbuss trembling in their shaky arms. The cowards! Donkey Kong couldn’t even charge at them properly due to the mine field of banana peels! The great ape snarled, hobbling as quickly as possible towards the cowering kremlings. While not known for his dexterity, Donkey Kong was quite adept at leaping great distance; perhaps he could- 

	KAPLOW! 

	Two more shots pelted the ape, one on each side! Donkey Kong hollered and bore his teeth, slapping the ground in a fit of rage. He was so focused on the kremlings before him, he failed to notice others get into position to shoot from another angle! He snarled and stood upright, cracking his knuckles. This was going to take a while...


	“This...this is getting out of hand!” 

	Kevin was in absolute shock, his body rooted to the ground! He had been battling Donkey Kong for a half hour now, and was only returning to quickly resupply on banana stems for ammunition. The chubby captain had thought the guerilla warfare against a crazed and jacked-up ape was mind-boggling enough, but...this was just something else entirely! 

	In a little over 30 minutes, K. Rool had somehow doubled- no, tripled in size! 

	The gluttonous croc had transformed himself from the centerpiece of the room into becoming the room, leaving little room for anyone, or anything else.  Ladders had to be brought in to be placed along the king’s growing girth just to aid his helpers to ascend the golden hill of gluttony, all lugging enormous bunches of bananas to be shoved down their king’s pudgy gullet. His king was an absolute blob! A mountain of scales and chub! Even sitting, K. Rool’s doughy head towered above everyone, his crown just inches away from scraping the roof of the ceiling.

	To think, he was currently surpassing any reasonable limits his stomach would have, allowing himself to turn into a shapeless green and gold glob of croc and chub, all out of spite for his arch nemesis! 

	Kevin might have ended up standing there all day, transfixed at the sight of watching his king swell up and out before his eyes, were it not for K.Rool’s little “assistant” wiggling his hefty self down K.Rool’s hefty self. “What is it, Kevin?” Kyle muttered curtly, his chunky face furrowed. “We’re on a very tight schedule here.” 

	“I...I…” Kevin shook his head. “We’re running low on...banana peels, sir.” He loathed the thought of referring to Kyle as anything other than “runt” or “pipsqueak,” but “sir” sounded more appropriate for the situation. “Banana peels and stems, actually. At this rate, we won’t be able to hold off Donkey Kong for more than thirty minutes.” The thought of the pissed primate’s imminent invasion of their headquarters was enough to send chills down the veterin’s spine. Granted this used to be a common occurrence, yet he still wasn’t looking forward to it all the same. 

	And yet, Kyle just smirked at the other Kremling, crossing those thick arms across his pudgy potbelly. “That shouldn’t be a problem. A half hour is all we need.”

	“Need for what?” Was what Kevin wanted to ask. Unfortunately, he didn’t get the chance as he was nearly toppled over by a group of kremlings dashing into the room, carrying what appeared to be a makeshift funnel, as wide as a satellite dish! If Kevin wasn’t shocked before, he was downright stupefied at the sight of these kremlings marching onto their king’s body, sinking past their waists into pure lard, before wedging the end of that funnel between those globular cheeks. 

	Kevin didn’t know it was possible to shove solid food down a funnel meant to fit in a croc’s lips, yet somehow the Kremlings managed. With impressive force, the little reptiles managed to squeeze entire bunches of bananas into a paste, funneling them into their monarch’s monstrous mouth in seconds, peel and all! He couldn’t imagine being on the receiving end of such a feeding, yet he could still make out K.Rool’s dimpled grin beneath those flabby cheeks and chins. He wasn’t sure if it was pure spite or simple gluttony that kept his king from popping beneath the sheer force of food being stuffed into him. It really wasn’t total victory for K.Rool until he had eaten every banana on this entire island. 

	Bang!!

	Kevin yelped at the explosion, leaping into the air. Crap, he actually thought the enormous croc popped for a moment! The frightened Kremling was relieved when he realized it was just Donkey Kong approaching...before once again going wide-eyed when he realized it was Donkey Kong approaching. Crap, they were running out of time! Gritting his sharp teeth, Kevin dashed through the hallway to try and intercept the crazed ape, if nothing more than to stall for some time. 

	A shame he couldn’t stay and watch; if he had waited another five minutes, he would have been able to witness his ruler’s belly plugging up the doorway. 



	He. Has had. Enough! 

	In a roar of fury, Donkey Kong slammed his mighty fists into the ground, hard enough to dent the metal floor beneath him. The shockwave from his bout of anger was enough to send the banana peels scattered around him flying in all directions, splattering into the walls, and into the faces of the Kremlings who dared to attack him from behind. Finally, the ground wasn’t filled with those hazardous peels; the great ape was free to rampage to his heart’s content. 

	While it would have been immensely satisfying to force feed those annoying reptiles their own guns, Donkey Kong had a strong hunch that they were just there to distract him. K.Rool was planning something, and the ape wanted to get to the bottom of it. Completely ignoring the other Kremlings who feebly attempted to block his path, Donkey Kong barreled forward, sending machines and reptiles aside. He lept from tire to tire, avoided burning oil barrels, and even swang along the chains that hang from the ceiling, anything to get him closer to his goal. 

	After escaping from the accursed factory, Donkey Kong surveyed the landscape before him, his eyes narrowed with determination. The wooden fortress that overlooked the entire island lay ahead of him, swarming with kremlings as usual, although he couldn’t help but notice one of the buildings was a little...off. The throne room, where he knew K.Rool personally resided in, was looking somewhat larger than before. Rounder as well, like the creases and the corners had been pumped out. Dare he say, the room looked “fat” even. Was that dastardly crocodile trying to hoard his bananas inside that room? There’s no way it could contain every single banana! 

	And yet, when he looked through the windows of the throne room way off in the distance, all he could see was gold. 

	He saw gold, yet his vision soon reddened as rage flooded over him. Hollering with fury, Donkey Kong leapt forward, expertly scaling a nearby oak tree before leaping onto the fortress roof. He had wasted enough time dealing with K.Rool’s underlings; rather than charging through the building where even more Kremlings awaited, Donkey Kong opted for the more direct route by running along the fortresses’ ceiling, moving as fast as his hands and feet would allow. Climbing along the walls, he slowly ascended the massive building from the outside, his eyes locked on the throne room where his treasured bananas lay. And as he drew closer to his stolen treasure, he could swear that room continued to bulge outward. Halfway through, he thought he heard creaking and groaning. Only 100 feet away, he thought he saw the wood splintering. 50 feet away, and-

	KABOOOOOOOM!

	Like a bomb, the entire building suddenly exploded outwards in a flurry of shrapnel and banana peels! Donkey Kong was nearly launched off his hands and feet from the force alone, struggling just to stay on the roof. Covering his eyes with a big hairy arm, the ape waited until he felt it was safe before looking ahead…

	The sight that befell his eyes brought his jaw to the ground. 

	It was K.Rool. His greatest enemy and rival, the croc he had defeated time and time again, but now...Donkey Kong had to wipe his eyes to make sure he was seeing it right. He had defeated mighty opponents, and moved entire mountains. 

	But how could he fight an opponent who was the size of a mountain?!

	“Aaaahahaha! Gotcha, you stupid, smelly simian!” K.Rool didn’t seem phased that he now loomed over his fortress due to his sheer size, that he himself had exploded out of his throne throne. K.Rool didn’t seem to notice how his limbs had completely sunken into massive rings of fat to the point that they were indistinguishable from the other massive rolls of lard that draped his immense figure, or how his round shadow alone engulfed the rest of his fortress. K.Rool didn’t appear to even see the rotund kremling snuggling against his muzzle, as large and round as the croc’s enormous cheeks, or how his folds warped tightly around both his fortress and the hole he made in it. 

	No, all K.Rool noticed was the pint-sized monkey in front of him. “What’s the matter, Donkey Dung?  At a loss of words?” The obese croc sneered. 

	Donkey Kong had to squint his eyes just to make out the bloated muzzle past the row of chins blocking it. He could hardly believe any one person could devour his entire hoard, yet the ape could easily imagine that titanic tum effortlessly fitting the entirety of his banana treasure, with room to spare, even! The crocodillian’s body was just a series of pancake-shaped rolls stacked atop one another, rolls that continued rippling and sloshing long after the room explosion. Donkey Kong wasn’t even angry. He was just shocked. Dumbstruck. In awe at the lengths his adversary would go to for revenge.

	But K.Rool didn’t stop there. The flabalanche continued laughing, his gelatinous body jiggling and quivering like the world’s largest bowl of Jell-O. “That’s right, just keep staring! I’ve won today, not you! Victory is even sweeter than your damn bananas! You can come up here and wail on me all you want, for I’ll still have the last laugh!” 

	Donkey Kong hesitantly approached the rising blob before him, but he couldn’t bring himself to actually climb atop K.Rool’s enormous self. It didn’t matter that all those hanging folds would make for excellent foot or hand holds; he was afraid he might end up losing himself somewhere in there! Besides, K.Rool was right; the croc had won. His fortress was in ruins, and his body irreversably obese, yet K.Rool would happily do it all over again if he could, judging by the sounds of his laughter. In fact, if there were more bananas, Donkey Kong had every reason to assume that K.Rool would greedily devour those as well, no matter what size he grew to!

	So, Donkey Kong gave up. He couldn’t fight that. He refused to. This island was K.Rool’s now. Everything on it belonged to him. 

	He wondered how long it would be until K.Rool replaced the island.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/41509084/