A little something I typed up in between larger stories. Very quick speedwrite, moreso something silly than super kinky lmao

 dragontzin is impossibly heavy, making cracks in the sidewalk and shaking the entire ground beneath his feet! The catch: He's barely even pudgy! How can that be? And why does he wear such strange, glowing clothes?

3k words. I hope you all enjoy~



	Was the buffet… shaking?!

	Casteel swore he saw it shaking. Yes, it was an unnaturally hot day out today, even for the end of May, but he was fairly certain he wasn’t hallucinating. Besides, you had to be in the middle of the desert with no water to hallucinate, right? And here the hyena was, walking along the sidewalk in a rather populated town. 

	Right across from a buffet that was definitely shaking. 

	Casteel squinted his eyes, craning his head forward. Was it an earthquake? No, none of the other buildings were shaking. Some terrible accident, perhaps, like a gas pipe leak? It couldn’t be, they’d have to then, and the hyena saw multiple cars beside the buffet’s parking lot. Obviously, nothing catastrophic was happening. 

	But something was happening. 

	So engrossed the hyena was in looking, he started noticing other bystanders peering in through the windows. Apparently, he wasn’t the only one seeing the building shaking, which was a relief as it meant he didn’t need a visit to the optometrist. Whatever was going on in there, it must have been quite the sight, as the furs who stopped to peer inside had yet to move on. In fact, they were soon joined in by more and more spectators, until nearly the entire front of the buffet was blocked off by a line of furs, their collective breaths fogging up against the window. 

	Alas, Casteel couldn’t see a thing inside the buffet from his vantage point, as the windows were quite tinted. All he could see were his own reflection from across the street, along with the reflections of those peering in, all of whom were wide-eyed and muttering. The longer Casteel waited, the wilder the hyena’s speculations grew. Was there some amazing deal going on inside? Did someone need their legs amputated? Was there a circus performance going on inside? Was there a rave happening? 

	Was there someone massive inside, eating up the entire buffet’s supply?

	The hyena blushed as that last thought entered his mind. He couldn’t take it anymore. When traffic was clear, Casteel quickly strode across the street, barely even looking both ways as he did so. And as he drew closer to the building, his excitement grew. It wasn’t enough to see the buffet shaking anymore, he could hear the windows rattling! Reaching the other sidewalk, he could feel the ground trembling. Was there a stampede of elephants loose inside of there?! Just what the heck was going on?!

	Well, Casteel couldn’t wait to find out. Hell, he’d completely forgotten just why he was walking around this part of town to begin with. What he was doing, what he ate for breakfast, everything was completely forgotten in favor of the here and now. 

	However, as soon as he approached to find a free spot to look inside, the hyena was taken aback as everyone suddenly broke away from the window. Casteel nearly fell over, how sudden that was; why the gathering crowd did this, he did not know, although everyone sported sheepish, embarrassed grimaces. Did whatever was happening inside stop? That couldn’t be it, the shaking was still happening. In fact, it felt even more intense than before! 

	And then the front door opened. 

	Casteel’s breath was caught in his throat. This was it, he thought to himself. Surely, whatever was the cause of the shaking would finally reveal itself to him in just a few moments. How anything powerful enough to rattle an entire building could fit through a pair of double wide doors was beyond him, but the hyena was open minded. A small vehicle could fit through, right? 

	And then, slowly, it emerged. Step by slow, agonizing step. 

	A very fat drox. 

	“Bwuuurfh! I can’t… I can’t- hrrrrp! Can’t breathe!” The hybrid moaned as he sluggishly sauntered out, barely able to even support himself with the door hinge. He was quite the sight, for sure; 500 or 600 pounds at the very least. Given how the edge of his fluffy white middle peaked out from under his shirt up to his navel, and how said navel was a bit pink along the edges, it was safe to assume he’d eaten his fair share of the buffet’s food as well. A good thing those doors were doublewide, as anything less would have surely gotten caught on those swaying hips. 

	But that can’t be it, can it? Casteel’s brows furrowed as he took in the sight of the waddling hybrid, who was currently nursing his stomach as though he were pregnant. Fat furs were a dime a dozen at a buffet, after all, and while this drox was clearly a cut (of cake) above the rest, he wasn’t unreasonably blubbery. Casteel was expecting someone massive, someone who’s stomach dragged along the ground and needed it’s own wagon or wheelbarrow, someone who swayed like a sailboat with every ponderous step they took, someone who was wider than they were tall, and whose waistline could be measured by the yard!

	The black-and-white drox was clearly not it. At best, he looked like he’d be mildly uncomfortable in airplane and movie theater seats. He ate five meals a day, maybe, not the twenty the imaginary fatty Casteel was thinking ate. For crying out loud, he could probably still reach both hands around his waistline… well, when the bloating went away, maybe. 

	Ah, but the shaking hadn’t stopped, hadn’t it? No, it was still growing more intense, to the point where the hyena began leaning against the buffet window to stabilize himself. Could this be the fatty Casteel had been dreaming- erh, imagining?! Sure enough, the pudgy drox shuffled to the side, holding the door open for someone. Not just any someone, the someone being the source of the shaking! Casteel knew this was the fur for real this time, he could feel it in his bones, and in the shaking ground! 

	And then, it emerged-

	A dragon. Fat, but thinner than the drox. 

	“Are you kidding me-!” Casteel had to clamp his muzzle shut to stop himself from screaming, causing both pudgy furs to turn towards him confused. It was an embarrassing outburst, but the hyena was furious! How dare they toyed with his heart like that?! This green, feathered dragon wasn’t the stomping, waddling, cheeks-obscuring-their-vision fur he was envisioning in his mind! No, his clothes were only unusual because they flashed random hues of pink and teal, and not because of the obscene amount of X’s that should have been on the tag!

	Whatever the shaking was, Casteel had no clue. And frankly, he didn’t care anymore; the best possabilities he had envisioned obviously weren’t the right answer. Instead, he stomped down the road with clenched teeth and balled-up fists, struggling to remember why he even walked down that way to begin with. 




	“What’s… hurf, his problem?” Denya asked, the drox tilted his pudgy head as he watched the hyena storm off. 

	“Dunno.” The thinner dragon shrugged. “Maybe he’s upset we cleared out the place? Shame, too. It just barely made a dent in my appetite…” With a smirk across that crocodilian muzzle, the drake looked up towards his fatter friend. “Up for round two, Denya? There’s a vegan restaurant down the street that’s very familiar with me. They’ll hook us up with vats of pasta, tables full of tacos-”

	“Stop, stop!” Denya groaned, his chubby cheeks now a shade greener. “I can’t… hrrf, not another word, Tzin. I’m bursting at the seams!”

	Tzin laughed at that. “What’s wrong, Den? You were so eager to show off how much you could eat, now I can’t even talk about food?” 

	When Denya’s pointy black ears folded back, the dragon took on a more caring tone. “Do you need a minute to catch your breath?” 

	“I’m good… just-” Denya quickly burped into his fist before sighing. “There we go. We can go, but, sheesh, I think I need to walk for a bit. Is that fine with you?” 

	This time, it was Tzin’s turn to look sheepish. “Well… I try to limit how much I walk here.” 

	“Why?” 

	“N-no reason.” The dragon’s claws shyly brushed against his head crest. “Yeah, let’s go for a short walk.” 

	Smiling, the two large drakes waddled off, barely even fitting side by side on the sidewalk. With every step they took, Denya could feel his yoga ball belly bounce and sway just like an actual ball, while the rest of his body jiggled and wobbled, from his tree trunk thighs up to his very chunky cheeks and chins. Yet, it wasn’t his footsteps that were causing his body to ripple all over. 

	It was Tzin’s. 

	No matter how much he tried, the dragon’s footsteps were disastrous to the pavement beneath them. Everywhere he went, he left behind indentations of his three-pronged feet into the ground, with cracks spider webbing out from them. Nearby seismographs registered earthquakes of around a 3.0 near Tzin’s location as he stomped forth. Cars had a tough time driving straight near Tzin’s presence as each quaking step was enough to throw them off slightly. 

	Yet Denya seemed hardly bothered by it; rather, he hardly seemed to notice. Instead, he was more amazed at how his friend managed to down so much more food than himself, and still offer more. “You know, you can tell me if you’re actually full.” The drox looked at Tzin’s meager basketball-sized gut, comparing it to his own much larger one. “You’ve already won the eating contest. No need to put on a brave face.” 

	“I’m not putting on a face!” Tzin scoffed, before giving that big furry belly beside him a playful prod. “I thought you were gonna outeat me, like you kept claiming you would. Are you just full of hot air, both figuratively and literally?” 

	Denya groaned. “Tzin, I ate four omelets, seven pancakes, six waffles, eight servings of breakfast potatoes, and three ice cream sundaes the size of my head. You ate three times that much! At least my food went somewhere!” The drox patted his drum-taut paunch for emphasis. “Where do you put your food?!” 

	“Same place as you.” The dragon smiled cheekily, giving his own belly a soft pet. To Denya’s surprise, it jiggled slightly, still soft as though it were empty. 

	“Nu uh.” Denya shook his head. “There’s no way you ate that much and you’re still so tiny. You must have hid it underneath your weird shirt.” The drox pouted, reaching to grab the helm of Tzin’s-

	“CAREFUL!!” Tzin yelped and leapt away, landing on the ground with enough force to even send Denya a couple inches in the air, while also wedging his feet into the cement like wet sand. 

	Wide-eyed, Denya brought his paw back. “S-sorry, I didn’t know it was so…” 

	The dragon’s cheeks were bright red. Obviously something was up. Shyly, he brought his hands down. “Ok ok, I’ll let you in on a secret.” He sighed, standing on his tip toes for his lengthy muzzle to reach the drox’s ears. “I’m… not actually as thin as I look.” 

	“What?” Denya frowned. 

	The drake continued. “I’m much fatter than this. Probably by a lot.” 

	Denya nodded. “Ok… what?” 

	Sighing, Tzin stepped back and gestured at his shirt. “Did it never cross your mind why my shirt glows the way it does?” 

	“I thought that was just European fashion or something.” The drox shrugged. 

	“No- what? No! Denya, I invented a shirt that hides my real weight.” The dragon again gestured towards his round body, running a claw along the strange glowing fabric. “We’ve been studying pocket dimensions at our lab for a while now, all of its practical applications for personal, on the go storage. I was in charge of testing it on clothes so that people would always have room in their pockets, but, well, I instead found a way to hide how much I’ve grown. To the naked eye, I haven’t gained an ounce since I’ve put on the shirt.” 

	“Oh.” Denya sniffed. “You don’t smell bad, though.” 

	“What?” Tzin blinked. “Denya, I bathe with the shirt on, of course it doesn’t stink.” 

	“That’s good…So, how much do you really weigh?” 

	The feathered reptile sighed. He would have thought that would have been the first thing Denya asked. “I don’t have a clue. When I first found out the shirt kept me at my same size, I sort of just went crazy with food, ya know? Why not indulge myself as much as I want without any consequences, right? Bags of junk food and takeout, entire days of working at the lab or just sitting on the couch and eating, stuffing myself to the very gills. A real paradise. 

	“Problem was, there was a catch. A couple months in, and I started breaking chairs when I sat. I broke my couch only a week later, and now I can’t even drive without turning my car into scrap metal. And walking is, well…” Tzin slowly cast a glance over his shoulder at the footprints embedded into the ground, leading towards him. 

	Denya nodded softly, seemingly understanding. “So that’s why you were standing the entire time we ate.” 

	“Yup.” 

	And then Denya grinned wide, clearly not understanding enough. “Take off your shirt.” 

	“No!” Tzin staggered back, horrified. “I don’t think I could put it back on if you did that!” 

	“Do it!” 

	“I’d be stranded here!” 

	“There’s a buffet.”

	“Denya!” 

	“Tzin!” Denya shouted back, clearly wanting the last word. And he got it, as Tzin continued to back away from the drox with a horrified expression, clutching his shirt. 

	At last, the fatter friend’s playful grin died away, and his ears slowly wilted. “Alright, alright, I won’t. I don’t want to upset you, bud.” 

	Tzin sighed in relief, knowing his waistline was safe for now. “I’m sorry I snapped, Denya. In a way, I’m glad you teased me just now. That was a good wakeup call. I need to get my appetite in check, watch what I eat, maybe exercise in ways that won’t destroy city property.” 

	“Yeah.” The drox chuckled softly, his belly bouncing. “My stomach feels better, so I think I’m gonna head back to my car. Take care, Tzin.” 

	“You too, bud.” With a smile, the feathered dragon waved off his friend before turning around, continuing his walk. Yes, a diet was definitely in order; a shame he ate so much today already. Man, and all that eating really did work up an appetite. Maybe a couple dozen tacos will be enough to-

	Tzin heard those footsteps far too late. For someone as large and full of food as he was, Denya was fast! The feathered dragon barely even had time to whirl around before feeling the drox’s paws on the hem of his shirt, lifting up. 

	“Peekaboo-”

	FWUUUUUUUUUUOOOOOOOMMMP!!!

	It took a lot to knock Denya back at his size, but Denya was knocked back hard at the sheer tidal wave of dragon that washed over him! A Tzin tsunami, if you will. A Tzin-ami! 

	Tzin couldn’t even yell in shock, as a pair of bulbous cheeks slamming against his muzzle, muffling the sound. His feet were swiftly lifting off the ground by himself, the dragon quickly blimping up like an inflatable raft. The drake had no say in this, even attempting to contain the sudden fwump-age was ridiculous, for soon he couldn’t move his legs. Couldn’t even bend them, same for his arms. 

	Well, now he could finally see how fat he was, at least. 

	And it was fat. Impossibly fat. The dragon spilled out into the street , halting traffic entirely to avoid slamming into the world’s squishiest road hazard. His arms could be thrice as long and he wouldn’t be close to spreading this as wide apart as he was. All those arms could do were to squish, squeeze, and grope at his enormity, his impossibly massive paunch which gurgled and wobbled with hundreds, thousands of pounds of pure lard. He’d loved to have craned his head down to observe himself better, as it was in a scientist's nature to be curious, but alas he could not due to the literal tire-sized ring of fat around his head, firmly locking it in place. 

	Even his tail was stuck beside him, log of pure squishy chub with a hilariously small feathery tuft at the edge. Most of that tail was swallowed up by a pair of incredible cheeks, both of which were large enough to crush a car each with. The expansion had ended, and they still continued to shimmy and wobble, like mounds of lime jello. It felt ridiculous, to put it lightly. 

	And yet, it felt good! 

	As embarrassed as he was, Tzin couldn’t help but to groan in comfort as he closed his eyes, wallowing in his own enormity. He’d worn that shirt for so long, he never realized the growing tightness in his middle he’d felt until after Denya had yanked off the shirt. It was like taking off a very tight belt, and just letting himself go! It didn’t matter to him that the crowd from outside the buffet had formed again, no longer embarrassed with him knowing they were gawking at him. Hell, Tzin even laughed when he saw the hyena from earlier shout in joy, frantically taking as many pictures as he can with his smartphone. 

	Now, if only he could get someone to give that stomach a rub. 

	As if reading his mind, the drake let out a loud purr as he felt a pair of paws press into where his navel would be, followed by two foot paws. Soon enough, Tzin found Denya plopping atop of his doughy chest, squishing into the dragon’s fat belly like the world’s biggest waterbed. 

“Hey, Tzin?” The drox asked eagerly, still holding the glowing shirt. “Mind if I borrow this for a while? I think I can get it to fit on me still.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/52315109/