Pay no attention to the overly redundant icon. Dragonwolves get derpy when they stay up late x.x

Also, I'm so so sorry this took so long  noone you've been super patient and great to work with. Thanks again for commissioning me! I've had a ton of fun writing this ^^ I hope you enjoy watching Russ learning the consequences of being such a greedy pig dog.



What did I do to deserve this?

	Those thoughts and many more swirled around in my head as I slowly came to, tied to a chair with a metal bar encasing my stomach. One moment, I was at home preparing for dinner, and the next I'm in what looks like the interior of a UFO. Giant metallic contraptions filled the massive room to the brim with hanging wires and colorful lights, all making extremely obnoxious beeping noises. Just looking at the jungle of electrical equipment made me feel claustrophobic, even more than the bonds tying me to my chair. 

	"Hmmm, it seems the test subject has finally awakened!"

	Oh, there was someone down here with me. I should have expected that. Of course, I should also have expected that someone to be the nutty scientist who owns all of the mechanical monstrosities in his basement, and this guy was the token crazy professor you see in any sci-fi movie. Standing by a staircase towards the back of the room was a scrawny weasel, whom I can't really think of a proper way to describe him other than wiry. Seriously, he looks like a brown wire constantly being zapped from some invisible source of electricity due to the way he randomly jerks around. It would certainly explain why his white hair sticks out haphazardly, defying any laws of physics.

	I was certainly caught off guard by the maniac mustelid, but I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of giving him the poor, defenseless puppy-dog look I was certain he was expecting. I also didn't bother struggling with my restraints, seeing as how it wouldn't be likely a chubby GSD like myself would be able to break through steel clasps. Instead, I leaned back as casually as I could, ignoring the discomfort of the bond digging into my stomach. "Congrats, ya caught me. Would you like a prize? I can give you a 2-for-1 coupon for Fat Mack's Pizza Shack if you let me go," I retorted while trying to fold my arms over my chest, briefly forgetting they were tied behind the back of the chair. Normally, I'm much more shy and reserved in these sorts of situations, although heaven forbid I'm kidnapped against my will often. Had this lunatic stole me after I had a meal, I would have been much more complacent and obedient, but since he took me before my hard-earned dinner, I plan on making this the most frustrating hostage situation he's ever been in before.

	Sadly, my sarcasm didn't really affect the weasel (whom I've elected to call Doc, even if he looks like he's never seen a PhD in his life). "I'm surprised you'd be willing to part with something relating to food, considering how your appearance resembles a pig more than it does a dog," Doc teased, rubbing his twitchy fingers manically. 

	As much as I'd love to come up with a clever retort, I'm afraid he was rather right. I loved to eat, and it clearly showed. Ever since I was a pup, I'd pack myself three lunch boxes for school, and even that could barely tide me over until I got home. While younger furs were fine with a kid's meal, I'd order from the grown up menu. It was always fun to watch the waiter or waitresses' face when someone my size would order an appetizer, an entrée, sides, a large drink, and still have room for dessert! As I grew older, so did my love food and stuffing myself to the absolute limit. It takes me hours to prepare and set up a meal to satisfy a family of four, or one very hungry German shepherd. I would gorge and gorge and gorge on anything edible, draining buckets of chicken, fish, bread and more, until there was nothing left but an empty table, dirty plates, and a very full belly peeking out from under my shirt. Of course, it would take several hours to digest the literal pounds of food in my stomach, leaving me with an awkward bloated gut that was susceptible to pokes and prods by my friends, but it was always worth it. Believe it or not, I used to be rather skinny despite the outrageous amount of junk I ate, although lately my caloric intake has been making it difficult for even my amazing metabolism to keep up. Just recently, my stomach had started growing a tad softer, with the rest of my body quickly following suit. It wasn't long before I had put on a decent amount of weight, making it rather difficult to fit into most of my wardrobe. I wasn't fat, mind you, but I certainly wasn't thin anymore.  

	Realizing that I was awkwardly sitting there quietly recollecting my past, I quickly perked up and spat out the first comeback I could think of. "Bite me!"

	Sadly, that only served to fuel Doc's euphoric grin, probably internally laughing at how stupid my retort was. "Oh, my dear Russ, I'm afraid your petty retorts will only serve to make your punishment all the worse!" The scientist must have seen how horrified I looked just then, because his creepy smile widened even further to the point where I was certain the edges of his lips were about to appear on the other side of his head. "Oh yes, I know your name, dear boy, as well as your eating habits! Do you remember the events that took place on the day of March 27th, 2013?" 

	Naturally, I shook my head no, my heart pounding profusely in my chest. I didn't have time to think about what I did a year ago, I was more concerned on how this whack job knew me! It's not like I give my name to every fur I pass by, right?

	"Of course you wouldn't remember, would you?" The wiry weasel continued, pacing back and forth in front of me. "It was just another day for you, I suppose. Another day of endless eating at Big D's Buffet, right?" While I couldn't recall what I did on that exact day, I'm pretty sure he was right. Ever since high school, I spent pretty much all of my time at Big D's Buffet. In fact, I'm having trouble remembering a day where I didn't spend the afternoon gorging myself on endless chicken wings.

	"I'm sure you were so busy with your food that you didn't even consider thinking about the other customers," Doc growled, giving my exposed stomach a gentle slap. "I only had one day off of work that year. One day! And how do you think I spent it? By going to Big D's Buffet, of course! And how did you think I reacted when I saw a certain gluttonous mutt finish off the rest of the Macaroni?"
	For a moment, I had no idea what to say. Between the fears of a stranger knowing who I was and the weirdness of some old scientist wanting revenge because I ate a bunch of pasta, I was speechless. Honestly, I was still hoping that I was just in a very, very bad dream due to a food coma I received from eating too much hotdogs. It was evident that he was expecting a response from me, so I mustered up the rest of my courage to force out a single question. "How did you react…?"

	Doc slowly turned his back to be, his body quivering softly. "I… was… FURIOUS!" With an explosion of energy, the crazy weasel suddenly running around the room, flipping switches and spinning dials on his machines. "I worked my tail off all year, only to watch a gluttonous pup stuff it all into his greedy little mouth! I bet you didn't even notice my screams of anguish as you crammed the last of it into your maw, didn't you? It wasn't just any macaroni and cheese either, you impudent swine! The pasta at Big D's Buffet wasn't like any other! The noodles were handcrafted with delicate fingers, their touch firm, yet supple, with only the thickest, most savory cheeses allowed to mingle with it. Together, they formed the purest of delicacies, the holy grail of snack foods! It would be like feasting on the ambrosia the Gods would dine on! Even the smell was overwhelmingly satisfying; it's scent strong enough to cause a flash flood from the drool it would bring out fro-"

	Before he could go on further, a monstrous growl from my stomach quickly cut him out, making him pause mid sentence with his mouth half open. Honestly, could you blame me? Just hearing him talk about food made me groan in hunger, and he did kidnap me before I could start my meal after all. I tried giving him an apologetic smile, but Doc didn't seem too accepting of it. Instead, he closed his muzzle and shook his head, striding to the back of the room. "I appear to have gone off-track. So wound up I was in your crimes against humanity that I've forgotten to issue you your punishment."

	With a final flip of a switch from Doc, the entire room suddenly came alive. Lights flashed all around while the machinery hissed, shaking the entire area! All sorts of movement happened in every direction that I lost track of what was happening. I'm not afraid to admit I may have let out a little whimper as well, seeing as how Doc had apparently spent the past few years designing a giant torture device just for me!

	"Your gluttony will be your own downfall, Russ! I can't wait to see how much that fat stomach of yours can take until it explodes!" I heard Doc shout out over the sound of machinery, at least that's what I think he said. Honestly, I was too terrified of the robotic arms hovering towards me to really pay attention. I would have been even more afraid had my sensitive nose not picked up a scent I haven't smelled in a long time: chips and dip.

	I am being 100% serious right now. Doc, the mad scientist who kidnapped me and acted as if he were about to kill me in cold blood, made a robot to scoop tortilla chips in a fiery-red dip and feed it to me. Yeah, I couldn't believe it either! I just sat there, dumbfounded at the sight of three robot arms descending from the ceiling. One carried a massive bowl of the floury snacks, the other held a large mixture of the dip, and the third grabbed the chips to dip them into the bowl and feed me. I was still a little shocked the first time it tried to feed me, so I forgot to open my mouth, which resulted in the pointy end of the chip being lodged painfully into my nose. After snorting it out, I quickly opened my maw just in time to eat the next chunk.

	Yet again, I found myself being caught off guard, but this time it wasn't because I was scared or confused. Instead, I was completely stunned at how delicious the food was! The chips were heavenly, so light and crispy, and the dip had the perfect blend of beans, cheese, peppers, and a few other spices I didn't care about. The robot hand feeding me was also surprisingly gentle, feeding me quickly, yet non-aggressively. I just wished it was a bit more accurate, because my muzzle was stained red by the time I had cleared out the bowl. 

	I know this may sound a little weird but, frankly, I was really enjoying my feeding session with the robot arms. I was hungry, it fed me, now I'm slightly less hungry. I was so caught up with eating the delicious chips that I didn't even notice I had cleaned out the entire bowl. Imagine my surprise when I opened my mouth for more, and instead of another chip entering my maw, an entire freaking pancake flies into my open muzzle, rolled up and everything! I nearly gagged on the sudden flapjack awkwardly jammed in my gullet, the damned thing almost stuck in my throat. It's a good thing it was practically soaked in butter and syrup, otherwise I never would have managed to chew and swallow the rolled up bread. Once I managed to pass the pancake through my esophagus (after several minutes of gagging and chewing), I finally noticed the machine assaulting me: a single arm, grabbing and rolling a single pancake from a huge stack of them, before throwing it right towards my mouth from a distance.

	Why couldn't I be force fed normally? I hear stories of furs getting force fed all the time, but they're usually tied up to a wall and having someone personally stuff them with food. It doesn't sound too comfortable, but it'd certainly be a hell of a lot better than being tied to a metal chair with a restraint over your stomach that's constantly feeling tighter as you're fed more and more. By the time I swallowed my 5th pancake, the darned thing was really digging into my stomach, making me feel like an inflating balloon trapped in a small container. I tried shifting my position around so that my stomach would fold over the bar, but my arm and leg restraints were too tight. Instead, I was left stuck in a painful situation, forced to keep my mouth clean so I could eat pancake after pancake after pancake. The only good thing about this experience was I at least wasn't feeling quite so hungry before, and the flapjacks were rather tasty: fluffy, yet heavy and rich. I just wish the robot throwing the carb-filled discs at me would also fling some maple syrup into my maw as well.

	After the 10th pancake, I was really starting to hurt. I found myself whimpering uncontrollably at the lap bar squishing into my gut, compressing my filling stomach painfully against itself. I wasn't sure I'd be able to keep food down if I kept swelling at this rate! Just when I felt I was about to scream in pain, however, the good doc laughed and pressed a button on the wall, releasing the belly strap. I quickly gasped from the sudden freedom, letting sweet air flow into my recently-compressed lungs gratefully. "My, my, I'm impressed! You've managed to consume everything so quickly! Let's see how much longer your stomach will endure!" The wiry weasel let out another crazy laugh as he pulled several more levers, his back hunched over in typical Igor style. 

	With a yelp, I found myself laying on my back, my chair temporarily reclining into a bed. From my new vantage point, I finally noticed how much larger my stomach had swollen. Apparently, I had eaten much more than I thought I had, and I thought I ate a ton of food too! My midsection had almost doubled in size, my shirt peeling back to reveal the basketball-sized dome. Despite having eaten thousands of calories in a single sitting before and still have room for more, I had to admit I was feeling a bit full from the amount of carb-rich chips and pancakes. I very much wanted to wiggle my paw free from my restraint and rub my tummy, knowing that any touch on the taunt and furry surface would feel wonderful. 

	Instead, I get a massive funnel in my mouth, which was nice too, I suppose. Having tasted the delightful tortillas and flapjacks beforehand, I was somewhat shocked when the cold, metal funnel pressed against my tongue. This thing was enormous too, the width of it covering up about 70% of my eyesight. Since I couldn't see past it, I was left to rely on my other senses to try and figure out what the heck was going on. Directly above me, I could hear an extremely loud whirring noise, which sounding disturbingly similar to a chainsaw. Out of the corner of my vision, I could see several robotic arms carrying something to the saw above me, followed by the sound of the saw cutting it up. This continued on for several moments, with the whirr slowly dying down as the saw sliced up more and more objects, before stopping completely. Once that was over, a new noise quickly filled the air: the one of liquid flowing into a container. Before I knew it, I was forced into guzzling down a torrent of freshly made smoothie, confirming my suspicions that the giant saw was, in fact, a blender. 

	I can't believe I'm saying this, but being funnel-fed an ice cold smoothie from a giant blender made by robotic arms is the least weird thing to happen to me all day. Honestly, I was rather relaxed as I drank the fruity beverage down, my eyes closed and my tail wagging. Even if it was against my will, I was grateful for something to wet my lips. The flavor wasn't half bad either! I could taste some apples and strawberries, although I was certain the majority of the smoothie was milk and yogurt: filling, but enticing. I must have drunk gallons of the stuff before I started sucking on the empty funnel, licking around for any trace remains. 

	With great reluctance, I was forced to pry myself from the funnel as my chair raised upward, the shift in movement causing a massive belch to escape my lips. To think that with only a three course meal, I could actually be sated! I allowed myself a drunken smile as I looked down at my brown gut, my shirt revealing much more of the bloated belly. It was easy to hear it gurgle and grumble happily, content with a deliciously filling amount of food. Yet again, I found myself burping yet again, feeling a bit of free space making itself available inside me. Maybe I could go for another bite or two…

	Just then, the chips and dip robot arms arrived before me, the bowls of food much larger than before. To my amazement, the metal limbs started shoveling the salty goodness down my throat at a much faster pace than before, barely allowing me any time to chew. Glancing to my left, I found Doc leaning his head back in laughter, the dials on the wall cranked all the way up. "Aaahahahaha! You thought you were done?! How preposterous!  I want you to explode, remember? I want your final moments full of agony as your stomach fills and fills with food, growing tighter and tighter until Kaboom!"

	Eyes wide with fear, I let out a soft whimper as I continued eating, realizing the full gravity of the situation. This German Shepherd was doomed to eat, it appeared. No matter how much I ate, more food would appear before me, whether it be chips, pancakes, or smoothie. Every chew and swallow soon became laborious, until the point where I gave up and left my mouth open, letting the robots stuff it straight down my throat. My tongue started to get numb after some time, preventing me from determining just what was getting stuffed into me, although that quickly became the least of my problems. While I ate, my stomach continued to swell out in front of me, inch by painful inch. The bottom of my belly undid the button on my pants for me, allowing a brief reprieve from the tight feeling, but it didn't last long before the fullness in my stomach more than make up for it. And it just kept going while I ate the bigger and bigger servings, my mind going numb as I ate chips, pancakes, smoothie, chips, pancakes, smoothie, chips.. pancakes.. smoothie…. chips…. pancakes….. smoothie…………

	"How… how fascinating. You actually managed to eat everything and not rupture!" Doc said after some time, his jaw wide open, although it was hard to tell. In fact, it was hard just to understand what he was actually saying, my ears ringing from the constant sound of machinery… as well as pain. I. Was. So. Full! I've never been this full in my life, and boy, did I want it to stay that way. When the arm and leg cuffs finally released me, I nearly fell on my face, the massive weight in my stomach surging me forward. My shirt couldn't even contain my new belly, which was now much larger than a beach ball and drum-taunt full of food. For the moment, I was reduced to a moaning pile of dog, too stunned by my fullness to do anything other than rub my paws along my great gut. I could practically feel the deep stretch marks underneath my fur, my thin skin stretched to its absolute limits. The creaking and groaning my stomach made certainly added to the illusion that I was now an overfilled vat, ready to burst out at any given moment. 

	Panting softly, I groggily made my way towards the exit, my blurred vision forcing me to rub against the walls to keep me going. Ten rounds of chips, pancakes, and smoothies were contained in my humongous gut, the poor organ growling and moaning from its burden. I wanted nothing more than to pass out in an epic food coma on a bed or couch or rug or- Was that fried chicken?

	Clearing the grogginess from my head, I quickly perked up as I turned towards the heavenly smell, smiling as I saw Doc stand before me, carrying a bucket of KFC. Deep down, I was horrified that my first reaction at seeing more food was not pure repulsion, even with my gurgling stomach crying out in fear. Salivating at the delicious new meat, I snatched the bucket from the scientist and chowed down on the crispy treat, ignoring my protesting stomach as it was forced to contain even more food.

	Have I ever mentioned how much I loved to eat?

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/19558322/