He knew about the changes in his body, about the irreversible fate his hedonistic lifestyle had given him. And yet even now, as he took a moment to recollect the series of events that lead up to this moment, this inevitable moment that he foresaw happening for quite some time yet did nothing to avoid. 

Several years ago, Denya had been a svelte-ish draolf, at least comparably to the rest of his kin. Standing in at a flat 6 feet and barely passing 200 pounds, the blonde canine was practically the runt of the litter, yet that did nothing to deter him from living his life. Even at his somewhat smaller size, he still went to school like a normal fur, filed taxes like a normal fur, played video games like a normal fur, and even partook in hockey games like many other sport enthusiasts. What's more, Denya still retained the ability to fly should his car break down, a trait usually absent in draolves over the age of 12 after they've surpassed an obscure weight barrier. While he was by no means skinny, it still seemed as if nothing would ever get the draolf above a size L shirt.

That is, until one particular evening after hockey practice.

"What do you mean you're not hungry?" One of Denya's teammates, a broad-shouldered lion named Keith, asked in a dumbfounded manner. "We've been skating for like an hour and it's already 7:30. Did you eat before or something?" 

Denya chuckled and shook his head as they walked out of the arena, toting their oversized bags around their shoulders. "Nah, I haven't eaten anything since lunch, but I'd rather head home and relax the night away. I still need to cram in some last minute studying anyways."

"Who cares, you're just gonna flunk again anyways!" Keith remarked, causing the draolf to sigh and flatten his ears. "It's painful watching someone like yourself wasting away to study for a useless test when you could be bulking up for the next big game!"

"I'm a draolf, not a bear," Denya muttered, slapping the lion's side with his thick tail.

"Bah, you know I'm not a stickler for technical terms. Point is, you're still thin and scrawny, at least compared to your draolf bros. I mean, have you seen Spikes lately? The guy looks like he can bench press a house! Besides, we're going up against one of the biggest and baddest teams in a few months, we're gonna need some big bad teammates ourselves, ya know?"

Before long, Denya finally relented to the lion's constant elbowing, agreeing to accompany him to the nearest pizza parlor. Having never stepped foot in one before, the dragonwolf was overwhelmed with the strong scent of pizza sauce and grease. The flashy red and white tiles around the inside only furthered disoriented Denya, who felt like he walked in on some sort of war zone. In any case, Keith was nice enough to order a slice of their signature pepperoni pizza all for the draolf. By the time he recovered, Denya was yet again blown back at the sheer size of the slice. It was easily over a foot long, and nearly half as wide, oozing and dripping with grease. 

He was reluctant at first, eyeing the strange confection before him timidly, but after further teasing from Keith decided to lift the grease-soaked slice towards his maw. With a deep gulp, Denya opened wide and bit down on the slice, feeling his mouth fill up with various cheeses and sauces. The draolf was assaulted with an all out barrage of taste, his eyes watering from the sheer heat of it alone. The tangy cheese, the zesty sauce, all of which made their mark on his tongue for years to come. Never had Denya experienced something as toxic and rediculous as that single bite of pizza... and he wanted more. 

Within a few short minutes, the draolf had polished off the rest of the slice, licking his fingers afterwards. That single piece alone left him feeling full and bloated, yet more alive than he's ever felt in his life! Even as they left the pizzeria, Denya was already daydreaming about the next time he would find the opportunity to return.

Fortunately, that opportunity presented itself the next day, when Denya found out the pizzeria delivered. 

The draolf made it a habit of calling the pizzeria every other night, ordering a different slice of pizza to enjoy. Meat-lovers, cheese, supreme, even Hawaiian made it's way into his stuffed stomach without hesitation. It was like he opened up a whole new world of opportunities with every order he placed, where he would wait in anticipation for his meal like a child waiting for Santa on Christmas. He didn't even mind the ridiculous full feeling he would recieve after downing a slice, or how tired the excess grease made him; as long as he had a slice in one paw and a soda in another, he was set. 

Naturally, this sudden change in life style brought with it a fair share of consequences; namely his waistline. Denya noticed after two weeks his grey stomach feeling softer, his pants digging in tightly into his waistline. It was especially apparent at hockey practice, where the draolf felt his protective gear really cling to his wider frame. This change didn't go unnoticed by his teammates, but rather than reprimanding the heavier draolf, they praised him for finally taking Keith's advice to bulk up. During one of their practices, Denya's chest piece unstrapped itself and flung outwards, revealing the basketball-sized gut within. To celebrate the momentous occasion, everyone traveled to the pizzeria, where the draolf stuffed himself silly with three whole slices. 

With no one at home to check his intake while being surrounded by friends who were a little too encouraging, Denya swiftly blimped outwards as the months wore on. His entire life revolved around pizza, from going out with friends after reaching a new weight mile stone, to snacking on a few slices at night with Youtube running in the background, to heating up leftover pizza for breakfast. 

Due to such a nutritional decline the likes of which anyone has ever seen before, Denya found himself easily winded from simple tasks, such as struggling to fit into an XXXL shirt or walking from his car to class. Even during hockey practice, the pudgy draolf would look for excuses to sit out and watch, claiming that his stomach felt funny or his shin guards weren't fitting properly. As a result, Denya soon wounded up with the unofficial title of bench warmer, something he did exceptionally well with his broad posterior. 

When the big game finally came, it was time to put Denya on the ice, due to everyone's preconceived notions that bigger meant better. While that was true to some merit when it came to hockey games, it certainly wasn't the case with Denya, who wobbled about like an elephant on roller blades the entire game. Strangely enough, the other team never dared to skate even close to the ambling canine, possibly due to the fact that he looked ready to fall over at any time, and no one was looking forward to being squished between hard ice and several hundred pounds of furry fat. As a result, Denya's team came out with an extremely one sided victory, with everyone crowding around the round draolf to give him some much-appreciated hugs.

They spent the entire night partying at the pizzeria, where they ordered two entire pizzas: one for themselves, and one for Denya. Even with his food-centered lifestyle, the draolf had never seen so much pizza in one place before, but was quick to show off to his friends by rolling up a single slice and swallowing it whole in one bite. The rest of the night was a feeding blur for Denya as he mindlessly ate and ate, his flabby tail wagging for every moment of it. His teammates did their best to encourage their large friend by patting his distended gut, offering a few words of encouragement, and in one instance pouring an entire can of rootbeer down the draolf's gullet to wash down the food. It became a drinking game of sorts to bet when Denya's belt would rip off of his pants (three pieces), when his gut would appear from beneath his 6XL shirt (six pieces) or when the chair would start bending beneath his weight (eight pieces + several cans of rootbeer). By the time the obese glutton finished off the entire slice, he was too full and dizzy to even think about standing up, prompting the team to help walk/roll the black and grey orb back home.

Unfortunately, that was the highlight of Denya's life it seems. That night had awaken some form of primal instinct within the glutenous beast, something that no amount of pizza could quell. And yet, he tried to quell it anyways, staying home that day and ordering two entire pizzas all for himself. Gone were the days of traveling to school and going to hockey practice; all that mattered to the draolf was sitting put until the next delivery occured, where he would slowly lumber his way over to the doorway to snatch his prized pizzas before ambling back to the couch to begin another feast. 

Clothes became finicky after a while, to the point where Denya did away with them all together. Cleanliness was also disregarded after the obese canine realized he could be spending the same amount of energy trying to squeeze into the shower to order up a few boxes of pizza with hotwings and dip. From that point on, Denya had abandoned everything he knew for his one true love and desire: food.

That is, until several years later, where we bring ourselves to find Denya in his present state. The ginormous glutton sighed as he lay back in the couch, observing the damage he had done to his body. His stomach cascaded from his middle like some great waterfall, where it spilled out onto the floor before his feet could eve touch it. His arms stood out at awkward angles due to the sheer amount of padding they contained, making complex motions such as eating a real hassle as of late. His wings, one of the only true defining characteristics of his dragon heritage, were all but swallowed up by his overwhelming backfat, giving him the appearance of a silly plushy of sorts. 

He was obese. He knew it too, as he dug his chubby fingers deep into his expansive stomach. He could feel the ends of the couch mold around his beanbag-sized butt cheeks, as well as a leftover slice of pizza that he was far too wide to reach for. And yet, despite all this, he didn't mind it in the slightest. He was finally the draolf that everyone expected he would grow up to be, and more so! If he could go back in time and do it all again, he would make sure to order twice as much food! In fact, there was only one reason why he was forced to sit back and rethink his life choices:

he was too fat to answer the door. 



Phew, managed to squeeze in some writing practice, considering I haven't written anything for a few weeks. I'm REAAALLY rusty, so sorry this story was a bit all over the place. I like to go far more into detail than these little "how I ended up so fat" stories usually need, but what's the point of writing if you're not having fun, right?

This was a YCH done by  badharpy which I loved so much, I decided to make a story out of it! (This is also the first YCH I've ever won, so I wanted to mark the occasion with a little speedwrite as well >.>)

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23052711/