Wow, I wrote this in an hour and a half! I must be getting better ^^

After a few days of wondering, the slightly pudgier Dolby wonders into a strange jungle, where he discovers that he isn't the only thing on this planet! (Yes, this includes a bit of vore, but it's mostly a fat fur story~)

Alright, not let's get this fox even fatter! EVERY COMMENT = 5 EXTRA POUNDS NOW!! get commenting!



Entry Log: 02
Day: 3 Month: 1  Year: 1

	Our transportation mechanism was a complete success! We managed to rearrange our experiment's molecules and transport them to Planet P.H.A.T safe fully, without those other ill-fortune side effects, such as missing limbs or organs. The specimine is actually the first patient to teleport this far without suffering any side effects! Zane and I were expecting at LEAST a little blood to be spilled from the travel, but we're just as happy with a healthy, if unwilling, specimen. Speaking of Zane, we both had a little party to celebrate the great news. Even though most of the edibles we have in the storage on our space station was mainly dry, we had a bit of a feast, nonetheless. 

	While we are on the topic of feasting, our experiment's weight has been slowly climbing lately. According to our graphs, the fox has gained 28 pounds, bringing him up to 173 lbs. I couldn't say we didn't see this coming, given how most of the food on this planet is rather high in calories and carbs. Zane is actually quite pleased, urging me to let him gain as much as possible. According to my lucario assistant, if the fox's weight continues to rise, then we could also discover a way for furs to gain without jeopardizing their health. I've never been too keen on the larger side of furs myself, but I do know that there are hundreds out there willing to pay their life savings for something like this! The fox will be experimenting two things now...

	Dolby panted as he continue his march north to the jungle, his sore paws scraping against the blue grass, making it crumble and crunch. It's been a few days since the incident when Dolby clicked on the fake ad, sending him to this planet made out of junk food. The pink fox originally wanted to travel to the mountains, thinking the higher ground would be better for searching for a way out of here. The sun, however, had other plans it seemed as it shined unnaturally hot, possibly due to the planet being a bit closer to the sun than Earth is. Rethinking his strategy, Dolby decided to travel into the jungle first, using the shade from the long trees while, at the same time, traveling to the mountain. 

	The pink fox stumbled a bit after tripping over an exposed tree root, sending him sprawling straight onto his front. With a groan, Dolby slowly got up, brushing dirt out of his fur. "Ow! Stupid tree root! I'll show you to mess with me!" Out of anger, Dolby pounced onto the caramel tree root, gnawing at the tips of the vines. Deep down, the chubby fox knew this would only add to his already widening waistline, but being on a desolate planet with no idea of how to get back kind of gets on your nerves, and picking fights with random objects before eating them tends to help with that. 

	However, Dolby might be going a bit overboard. The fox's once slim belly has started to turn into a bit of a gut, sticking out a few extra inches than it used to. His bony arms and legs now have a bit more pudge than normal, jiggling whenever touched. Dolby soon finished off the tree root and burped, patting his slightly distended belly* "Aaaah, that'll teach you to mess with the ruler of this planet!" 

	Before Dolby could decide on whether or not to eat more of the caramel tree or not, a colorful object suddenly flew by him before flying up, disappearing into the foliage. Dolby gasped when he saw that, slightly afraid that another creature heard his cries for "ruler of the planet" and wanted to challenge him. With his ears tucked tightly against the back of his head, Dolby slowly stepped forward into the colorful jungle, slightly curious on what the flying creature was. 

	Inside the jungle, Dolby sighed happily, the shade giving him immediate relief from the sun. "Phew! Glad I made it in here before I started to stink. The heat was starting to make me drowsy." Wiping off the remainder of any sweat from his forehead, Dolby continued to trudge on through the jungle, looking around carefully for any signs of the bird. 

	Several hours passed with no sign of the mysterious avian. Dolby was starting to lose heart, thinking that, perhaps, the heat and isolation was already starting to play tricks on his head. Out of boredom and hunger, Dolby grabbed a nearby red vine and tugged it off a caramel tree, slurping it up like a giant spaghetti noodle. "mmmm...Twizzler flavored." Suddenly, a loud screech could be heard in the trees, making the chubby fox yelp and drop the vine. Looking up, Dolby noticed the leaves start to quiver, indicating the presence of another living being! Whimpering and flattening his ears, Dolby tried to back away and escape, until the creature suddenly burst forth from the tree tops! Dolby yelped and jumped, accidently falling on his round rear in shock. 

	The creature flew down and stopped right in front of Dolby's frightened face, staring into his eyes. It was a bird, of some sorts, made entirely out of gummy bears. "W-what's this? An animal made out of smaller ani-" Dolby never finished his sentence. The bird flew a few feet back, hovered in midair, before suddenly zooming in at the pink fox, diving straight into his gaping maw! Dolby gasped and grunted a bit, the gummy bird wiggling in his maw before he finally swallows it, a bird-shaped bulge traveling into his gut. Dolby sat upright and panted, grabbing his throat for a moment, not sure of what just happened. "Did... did that bird just... feed itself to me?" Suddenly, the air was full of cawing noises as gummy birds materialized from nearby trees, ready to fly themselves into Dolby's maw at anytime!

	Dolby ran across the jungle as fast as his legs could carry him, leaping over exposed tree roots as gummy birds followed him angrily. The fox's tail stayed firmly tucked between his legs as he jumped over another root, awakening a nearby gummy bird which, like its predecessor, flew straight into Dolby's maw. Dolby gagged and swallowed, the fattening avian traveling straight to the fox's gut, slowing him down slightly. Dolby didn't know how much more he could take! Every minute at least six gummy birds would force themselves into the fox's unwilling maw, making his gut swell a little bit bigger each time. If that wasn't bad enough, but every time Dolby looked back, MORE birds seemed to be chasing him than before! Before the bloated fox could collapse and give up, he noticed a light at the end of the tunnel: the exit to the jungle! Before he could celebrate, however, three gummy birds flew into his maw at once, making Dolby slow down considerably as he struggled to devour such a heavy mouthful. Noticing the exit as well, the fattening birds squawked and flew faster, determined to stuff the pink fox until he bursts! 

	Dolby whined as a bird flew into his maw every few seconds now, his stomach growing painfully tight and full, forcing the stuffed fox to slowly drift into a food coma. However, Dolby was determined to escape the jungle without a blown up belly, and redoubled his efforts. "Must *gulp* get *gulp gulp* out *gulp* of *gulp gulp* here!!" With the last of his energy, Dolby leaped out into the open, landing on the soft texture of brownie mountain. 

	The over fed fox whimpered as he laid on his back, rubbing his large and bulging belly. "I *urp* gotta be *hic* careful, or *hic* or I might get too *urp* fat to move!" Dolby tried to push himself slowly forward but failed, too tired to move an inch. With his eyes heavy, Dolby opened his maw wide, letting out a loud yawn. Before he could close his mouth, one last gummy bird flew into the fox's outstretched maw, going straight into his already stuffed belly. Dolby eeped and whined in pain before passing out on the spot, his food coma taking place.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/11256901/