I might have over done it with this one... heheh

Well here it is, the exciting conclusion to Planet P.H.A.T.  mrfoxboy has 'grown' to love his new planet, aka his body. We also find the scientists in a bit of a predicament. Don't worry, though. No one is harmed :3 


Final Entry
Date Unknown
	 I can't believe this is happening…. Everything in the name of science is pointing against it, so why is this  happening? The situation I am currently facing is impracticable in any sense, yet that fox just ate the damn planet!!!

	I have to get a hold of myself… When they read this narrative they will want to know what happened… Immediately after filling out Entry #5, I yawned and lumbered off to sleep in my dormitory, which is adjacent to Zane's. The room itself isn't very large or exciting, just a square room with a single bed, toilet, and window which constantly faces the planet. As I got into bed, I yawned and stared outside the window, noticing that pink dot on the planet appeared slightly larger: the fox has grown. "This is all part of the experiment" I mentally told myself as I slowly pulled the blanket over me… and froze to the spot! My eyes shot open wide as I tried moving an arm, a leg, my neck, anything! It was all for naught, unfortunately; I couldn't do anything other than blink and breathe.

	At this moment, I heard the automatic doors open, followed by the sound of walking. "Zane.." I gasped, talking becoming a huge chore for me now. "Help… me.." Looking up, I saw Zane lips curl up in a smile, but not a friendly one. "Do you like the blanket?" The blue bear asked with a chuckle, rubbing it gently. "I modified it myself. I'm sure you're aware that, in case of an emergency, you can turn on a feature in your blanket which allows electricity to run through it, warming up the wearer? Well, I merely removed the safety cloth from the electrical wires, allowing them to directly contact you as soon as you pulled the blanket over yourself!" Sure enough, I felt a tingling sensation from around my body. "I'm sure you are aware," Zane continued, "That when enough electricity is applied to a fur, such as yourself, that it can immobilize you for quite some time." As anger coursed through my veins, I desperately tried to spit in the bear's direction, only succeeding in drooling slightly. Zane chuckled and cleaned it up, only fueling my utter humiliation. "Don't take this personally," he explained, "But, believe it or not, this was the original assignment! The specimen was SUPPOSED to gain weight! We knew you would decline the mission, given your past history with those of the 'heavier' kind." 

	I had no idea what he was talking about! I've never done anything wrong with a larger fur… other than call one of the interns, a big bellied German Shepherd named Drake, a space-consuming black hole… but it was just a joke! "Because of your history" Zane continued, the smile never leaving his face. "It was important that I stun you when you grew more… suspicious. Normally, we would have brought someone else instead of having to resort to this, but you're the best at mechanics." I was flabbergasted! The company I represent, and my partner and closest friend as well, have all betrayed me all because of a joke I made several years prior? I thought they knew how fiercely loyal I was to them! Zane stood up and walked away, chuckling to himself. "You're pretty lucky, though. At least you're facing the window, so now you get to see how big 'our' experiment grows!"

	Sure enough, my gaze was permanently fixed on the widow facing the planet. The days turned to weeks, and those weeks turned into months. After that point, however, I lost track of time; I think my brain started degenerating from the steady amount of electricity coursing through my body, as well as the complete lack of movement. My immobility wasn't effecting just my brain, unfortunately. Because of my complete inability to move, Zane went to my room five times a day to hand feed me our rations. Because I couldn't move myself, my metabolism dropped like a lead weight, causing me to start packing on the pounds. My face started getting chubbier, as well as my grey belly sticking out of my uniform and my limbs starting to tear through the tight material. Zane, seeing my weight gain, began visiting my room more often, feeding me larger and larger portions. This, of course, inevidently led me to balloon with excess lard, causing my uniform to burst off me!

	It's quite shocking to believe that, despite how fast I was gaining, I was still as thin as a bone compared to the specimen. Looking outside my window, I watched for months and months as that pink spec slowly grew into a dot, and that dot grow into a blob. By his rate of growth, I hypothesized the fox adding as much as 7 tons of fat a day! How is that even possible?! This is completely going against logic and science in any way!! And yet, here he is, growing fatter and fatter with every passing day, as am I… I watched in horror as that blob continued to engulf the planet with its mass. Zane once mentioned to me that he programmed the gummy inhabitants of the planet to feed the fox anything edible, as well as themselves when the time came. Before I could argue, however, he stuffed a cupcake into my maw, briefly silencing me. Even from space, I could then see the trillions of excess rolls forming on the gelatinous fox as he grew. The experiment's weight now caused several deep cracks to appear along the planet, shaking it violently. It was only a matter of time before the planet is completely devoured.

	After that, the months started to blur together. Nothing eventful happened, just more countless days of Zane sitting beside me, spoon-feeding me fresh chocolate cake while I watched the pink blob jiggle (the fox was always in a constant state of jiggling. It was actually rather entertaining, like staring at a lava lamp). "My, you're getting very plump!" Zane would always tease, shaking one of my thick belly rolls and watching as it jiggles more than it did the previous days. "You need to exercise some more, tubby, before you end up like that blob of a fox out there" he would say, pointing out the window where the fox sat. "It's unhealthy to stay in bed and have me feed you every day, you lardaceous sphere of a wolf. Every day I see you grow even fatter than the previous day! I don't think you mind, though, do you?" He would say, as he has said it hundreds of times before. With that, he would finish stuffing my maw with food until my chubby cheeks were close to bursting, then he would lift my neck up, permitting me to swallow. "Soon, I won't need this blanket to keep you immobile; your own blubber will make movement impossible!" With that last retort, he would laugh and walks away, giving my bulbous stomach a few heavy slaps before leaving. Feeling my stomach slosh and jiggle, I would mentally sigh as I looked outside the window, watching the humongous pink fox. To be honest, I started looking forward to the times when he would bring me my meals. Having someone to look at was a nice change instead of staring out of the window all day. That and, well, I kinda liked it when he teased me about my weight.  Thank goodness that Zane left me the recorder so I could have something to do. Maybe leaving a few more recorded messages will take my mind away from my boredom… and my hunger.

*Several months later*

	Zane hummed happily to himself as he knocked on Denya's door room, knowing full well that the obese wolf wouldn't answer; he just loved to tease that big grey mound of pudding! After a moment of no response (which was expected), Zane slid his card into the scanner, allowing the automatic doors to open. Grinning wider, he strode into Denya's room, his bear tail shaking happily. "Well, this is it! Today's the big day that we've been waiting for! Are you ready?" he said, looking at his fat captive… and boy was he fat!

	The wolf took up more than the entire bed with his bulk, some of his flab resting on the floor! Denya's cheeks were swollen past the size of softballs, quivering with every bite he took. His chins all squished against each other, creating a jumbled mess of blubber. His back rolls almost engulfed the bed itself! His belly, oh his belly, rested heavily on his body, sticking up several feet in the air, the grey mass way too large for the electric blanket. His rear smooshed against his tail, completely engulfing it in his fatass. 

	Smiling at the sight, Zane grabbed the blanket and threw it off Denya, allowing the corpulent wolf freedom to move. As soon as he broke contact with the blanket, Denya gasped and shook his head, rustling his chins. "Oh, don't act so surprised," the bear smirked, "By the way, I lowered the gravity on this satellite, you should be able to move that fat ass of yours." Without saying a word, Denya slowly rolled onto his side and flopped off the bed, landing on his rump with a loud fwomp! the entire satellite shaking! Zane chuckled and grabbed Denya by his thick arm, heaving him onto his unsteady feet. "Maybe I should've lowered it a little more, fatso."

	Slowly but surely, Denya waddled across the room with Zane's help, his steps shaking the entire room despite the lowered gravity. Squeezing through the door, the blobbish wolf and the bear made their way to the control room.. Where Denya's jaw dropped, compressing his chins! The entire planet…the entire flipping planet… was no more! All that was left was a pink mass of equal size!! Thousands and thousands of miles of flab stretching in all directions, taking on a crude sphere shape. "My gosh…" Denya whispered, never once believing it was possible for a fox to grow as fat as a planet… and he was still growing! According to the weight monitors, Dolby was still gaining more and more weight as the gummy wolves all fed themselves to him, continuing their command to fatten up their god. "He's truly marvelous, isn't he?" Zane said in a trance-like voice, his eyes glued to the window. 

	An alarm spontaneously flared, indicating that the pink fox now weighed as much as the original planet he lived on. "Tadaa," Zane giggled, "Dolby is now the fattest fox in the whole gala-" The satellite suddenly lurched, causing the two furs to suddenly fly against the wall! Denya landed against the metallic wall with a flop, Zane landing right into the black and grey wolf's immense gut, sinking almost knee deep into the thick adipose. From his position, Denya saw the fox planet start to loom in on them, appearing larger and larger! Either Dolby was still growing, or "We're headed straight towards him" as Zane put it. Both furs tried escaping but failed, Denya's body too heavy to move, and Zane trapped in Denya's blubber. Taking a deep breath, Zane smiled and somehow rolled over on his stomach, looking at the wolf in the eyes and smiling. "Did I ever tell you that I could get lost in your eyes like I'm stuck in your stomach?" Denya chuckled and rubbed the bear's back, all negative feelings towards Zane being replaced with calmer emotions. "Oh hush, you're just trying to soften me up with compliments like how you softened me up with sweets." The bear chuckled and playfully pinched the wolf's thick cheek. "Well, I apologize for that, the fattening foods and all. If we make it out of this, I promise to help you diet an-" Denya interrupted the bear's train of thought with a sudden smooch on the lips, feeling his chubby cheeks blush bright pink as his heart raced, making out with this handsome bear right on the spot. Zane, completely taken aback, froze momentarily before returning the kiss, hugging and kneading the wolf's squishy frame. "We will make it out of this, and you will keep me this big," Denya said as they broke up, smiling. From inside the ship, the two lovers made out a second time as the ship flew closer to the fantastically fat fox. As the ship drew closer, two gigantic pink mountains of fat suddenly became observable, slowly revealing themselves to be none other than the cheeks of the fox! 

	Dolby looked up, seeing a large, silver object hurdling towards his head. Instinctively, he opened his mouth as wide as possible, feeling it plunge deep into the back of his throat before being carried away inside his stomach. He sighed happily as he felt the silver object travel deep into his stomach, feeling two objects climb out of the ship and walks around. "Well, what do you know?" The fox thought to himself. "I guess the planet is still intact, even if it's inside me. I guess those two creatures inside me will live after all." With that thought, Dolby unleashed a massive belch, the noise traveling throughout the entire galaxy, scaring several astronomers on Earth into thinking something just exploded. The planet fox didn't even know what Earth was anymore, due to his time on this strange world. All he knew was how big he grew, how every fold on his body was as high as a mountain, every dimple as deep as a canyon. One could walk on Dolby's belly for weeks on end and still have more to explore. His obesity allowed for constant waves of fat to always roll around on his body, each "ripple" the size of a tsunami. Even his ears were covered in several tons of blubber! Dolby mentally smiled as he thought about how he grew. This was all due to his recent meal…

But it wasn't enough…

	All too soon, Dolby was hit with massive hunger pangs, his enlarged stomach grumbling and churning, demanding more sustenance, but there was simply nothing left to eat! He started panicking as his eyes looked around, desperately looking for anything to fill his black hole of a stomach… until he noticed a nearby sun that smelled… familiar. "Well hello there, spicey meatball." Dolby thought as he marvelously willed himself towards the sun, the glare glowing brighter and brighter. "Would you like a tour of Planet F.O.X?"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/12041828/