After nearly two months, I finally finish this trade. I'm so sorry it took so long, I was hit with a really dry spell and lack of motivation and confidence, but I think it's finally over!

Poor  psychicthehedgehog just wanted to relax in the park, watching a movie on his phone, maybe grab a bite to eat later on. Little did he know that his day was about to take a turn for the worse (or better) when a runaway truck full of toxic waste suddenly spills its cargo onto the unsuspecting drake. 

I hope you all enjoy!



"SKKRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

With the might of a million tigers, Godzilla's roar shook the surrounding landscape, it's force strong enough to shatter every windowpane within a 10 mile radius. Every step the ferocious Kaiju took caused the very earth to tremble with the force of a minor earthquake, shaking the massive skyscrapers down to their foundations. With a swish of his tail, the monstrous lizard leveled an entire office complex, shattering the box-shaped building into rubble as if it were made of cardboard. All who laid eyes on him would find themselves gripped with unparalleled terror, their hearts filled with dread as they knew they were glancing at beast who was second to no one.

However, a single MUTO continued to square off against Godzilla, its zeppelin-sized wings spread out in an aggressive stance. The moth-like beast stepped closer towards his opponent, it's claws scraping against the nearby metallic structures. It growled ominously, its ruby eyes glowering at Godzilla menacingly, even as he shuffled through a buildup of parked cars.

With another shattering screech, Godzilla quickly advanced towards the angry MUTO, arms behind him, ready for a preemptive strike. The two tyrants continued to run towards each other, their combined roars heard across the globe as they closed the distance towards each other, primed to attack with their fearsome powers and-

"Excuse me, young man. Would you mind turning that down a bit?" 

"Huh?" Psychic blurted out as he stumbled back into reality, prying his face from his smart phone. He had been so absorbed with the movie that he didn't even notice where the voice was coming from, the pearly white dragon craning his head this way and that. After a moment of blindly looking around, Psychic blushed as he realized the voice belonged to the elderly squirrel sitting next to him on the bench. "Oh! Er, sorry ma'am," he blushed, fumbling with his device. 

"You're fine, hun." She chuckled softly. Glancing over towards Psychic's mobile, the aged squirrel smiled softly. "Oh, so that's what you've been watching! My grandkids are obsessed with those giant lizard movies."

"Yeah! Aren't they the best?!" Psychic blurted out as he perked up, sitting upright on the bench. "I love how they portrayed Godzilla's size and strength in this movie, even if they totally botched his personality. But still, the way he uses his Atomic Breath on the MUTO was glorious! I'm glad they sometimes even refer to him as Gojira, which is his original Japanese name, even if they only mentioned it once. It's just a shame the movie focused way too hard on the boring people and not actually Godzilla, you know?"

No, the elderly squirrel did, in fact, not know. Psychic could tell just by the confused expression she bore that she was as lost as a needle in a haystack. She continued to smile, however, trying her best to at least appear interested, giving the typical "that's nice, dear," expression. 

Feeling rather embarrassed that he let his obsession for Kaiju's get the better of him, Psychic sighed and slowly heaved himself upright, using the bench handles for balance. "Actually, I'm feeling rather peckish at the moment. I'm gonna go grab a burger or something. It was nice meeting you ma'am," the dragon smiled faintly and waved as he turned and walked away. 

For a few brief moments, Psychic had totally forgotten why he had chose to stroll through the park that day. Sure, the weather was fair, and the greenery was always present, but it wasn't like he couldn't pull a picture of a forest on his phone if he wanted to stare at a bunch of trees all day. So why did he choose to stroll stroll through the community park today if he was just going to sit and stare at his phone, something he could have done at home? The answer hit him as soon as he realized how much of an effort it was just to heave himself upwards, as well as how hard it was to balance just from standing up: he had grown fat. 

The pudgy dragon hadn't always been so round; in fact it was only just recently that he found himself outgrowing his XXXL clothing. While not exactly the model of perfect health or strength, Psychic made sure to at least go jogging every other day, as well as enjoy a salad every now and then. However, it wasn't until a few years ago did he discover his obsession with Japanese movies, mainly Godzilla and other giant monsters. Since then, the dragon found himself in a never ending cycle of eating, sleeping, and watching movies, finding a limitless supply of movies to occupy his time. Instead of jogging laps around his apartment while nibbling granola bars, the drake would recline in his Laz E boy sofa, scarfing down Bagel Bites while enjoying one of numerous Godzilla shorts. 

Naturally, Psychic was oblivious to how his sedentary life affected him, shrugging off the minor changes such as outgrowing his pants or becoming winded after climbing a flight of stairs. As time carried forward, however, it became harder to ignore the more significant changes in his figure. The turning point eventually came when Psychic lost his phone in his puffy breasts and, after fumbling about for a few minutes, accidently tripped and fell backwards onto his bed, shattering the frame into tiny splinters. Fortunately, his own bulk helped to cushion the fall, but as the obese dragon lay by the fractured remains of his bed, he realized that, unless he went on a diet, this wouldn't be the only time he broke something with his bulk.

As with the case with most electronics, however, Psychic found himself currently distracted by his cell phone yet again, completely forgetting about the events that brought him to where he was now. In the back of his mind, he briefly recalled something about losing weight, the pudgy dragon noticing a few joggers having to maneuver around his body, seeing as how he took up nearly the entire walkway with his bulk. With the little brain-power he had not focused on his handheld, Psychic simply assumed the quick stroll to the burger place would suffice as excersize, even if the supersized burger and fries combo he usually ordered would exceed the calories lost from walking there. With his eyes still glued to the screen, the fat dragon continued to lumber his way through the park, completely unaware of the danger that was rapidly speeding towards him. 
________________________________________


"SKKRRRRRRRRRRRRR"

Vladimir's collar was drenched with sweat, and not just because he had nearly struck a pedestrian. Hell, he would have kept driving even if he did hit the dragonwolf, the idiot would have deserved it for jaywalking anyways. Wiping his brow, the dark sergal continued to speed through the city, swerving through traffic violently and in some cases rearing onto the sidewalk, scattering vehicles and pedestrians alike. 

He licked his lips as he sped on, a malicious smile spreading across his muzzle as he literally drove through a stop sign. It didn't matter if he broke practically every driving law in the city right now; with the cargo he's carrying, he'd be able to pay off all the damaged ten times over! Swerving right behind him was a topless trailer with nearly a thousand gallons of a new drug he made himself, using ingredients he "borrowed" from the nearby chemical plant. This caused the portable tank to glow an inauspicious green, which would surely draw attention to it even without his reckless driving. 

With both paws slammed firmly into the gas pedal, Vladimir's vehicle swerved as he rounded a particularly-tight corner, the edge of the trailer bumping into a parked Subaru, spilling a few drops of the potent drug. "Ack! Watch where you're going, jackass!" The Sergal screamed, rearing his head back to inspect the damage. Other than a small dent in the metallic container, the trailer was otherwise unharmed, although watching the viscous green liquid drip over the container made Vladimir's heart sink. "Damn, I knew I should have stayed longer to properly seal 'er up. If it wasn't for their feckin' security..." the adrenaline-fueled Sergal grumbled as he faced forward again, just in time to notice a busy crosswalk a mere 10 seconds away. 

"Gawd dammit! Move outta the feckin' way!" Vladimir screeched, slamming his palm into the truck's horn. He was rewarded with the sight of various furs jumping in shock, followed by blind panic as everyone scrambled out of the way, save for one fat dragon too distracted with his phone to notice the oncoming peril. 

"What the hell?!" The Sergal growled and honked again, desperate to scare the ignorant drake. Instead of cowering, however, the obese reptile lowered his gaze from his cellular to glance up at the looking vehicle, caught frozen like a deer in the headlights. As crazed as he was, Vladimir knew that no amount of bribery would get him free of vehicular manslaughter, so in a last ditch effort to dodge the wide obstacle he spun his wheel clockwise as fast as he could. Big mistake.

The chemicals, which were already in a constant state of motion due to the reckless driving, immediately poured out from the container, the inertia sending the materials flying out at a rapid speed. With his cargo depleted, Vladimir found himself rocketing into the city park before crashing into a massive oak tree, falling unconscious right after sending thousands of gallons of radioactive materials onto a certain white dragon. 
________________________________________


"WHEEEEEE WHOOOOOO WHEEEEEE WHOOOOO"

Psychic groaned as the ambulance skidded to a halt, sending a spray of asphalt onto his head. It was just his luck that someone had to get themself hurt and alert nearby paramedics, their noisy vehicles disturbing his peaceful nap on the sidewalk. With a sigh, the hefty dragon pressed his palms into the ground and tried to heave himself upward just as two gloved paws suddenly slammed into his flabby chest, pinning him to the ground. "I've got one right here! He's covered in the stuff, the poor bastard. Someone, get me a damn stretcher!"

"… Wait, what?!" Psychic's eyes flung open as he tried to shoot back up, yet felt himself get planted firmly on the ground by someone's bear hands. "Oh shit, his body is already reacting with the radiation. Hurry up with the god damn stretcher!" The hazmat-suit-wearing ursine shouted out, the fear in his voice making the poor dragon even more anxious. 

"W-what the heck are you talking about? I feel fine!" Psychic shrugged off the paw and rose back up, trying to shake off the strange green goop that coated his body, the gelatinous substance jiggling along with the pudgy dragon. 

Unfortunately, his pleas fell on deaf ears as the bear gripped him tightly, unintentionally wiping off the goop onto her safety suit. "My god, he's already spasming uncontrollably! Where the hell is that friggen stretcher!?"

Out of the corner of his eye, Psychic saw several smaller furs in identical suits run up with a small stretcher. However, one glance at the hefty drake told them that their puny stretcher wouldn't be enough. Instead, they found it more entertaining to stand and watch the two of them struggle, the two lumbering giants wrestling and pushing at each other almost as if they were performing some sort of intricate ballroom dance. 

With the last of his patience running thin, the white drake roared and shoved as much of his considerable weight into the bear as he could, feeling satisfied that he managed to at least stagger the burly mammal. "Look, man, how many times do I have to spell it out to you? I feel. Just. Fine! For god's sakes, isn't there a jar of honey for you to steal?"

As soon as those words left his mouth, Psychic knew he had made a grave mistake just from the gasps from the surrounding furs alone. Even through the bear's thick hazmat, Psychic could still see his muzzle contort into a nasty snarl as the ursine suddenly lunged at him, rearing his powerful paws. "Boy, you gonna wish you were dead once I'm done wit' ya!" 

Psychic had no idea why this was happening to him. One moment, he was on his way to his favorite burger joint; the next, he was covered in mysterious goop that made him itchy while being attacked by an angry paramedic. For a brief moment, the tubby dragon felt a twinge of excitement, feeling like one of the powerful Kaiju he idolized for so long. That excitement was short lived, however, as several hundred pounds of angry ursine suddenly descended upon him, sending him staggering back. It took all of Psychic's strength just to remain on his feet as he struck his thick tail into the ground, trying to anchor himself to the spot, yet even still, he felt himself losing ground. The thick scales on his feet and tail prevented any blisters, yet did not provide him with any sort of traction he could use to launch a counter attack. 

Psychic grimaced as he almost stumbled back yet again, terrified of what the enraged bear would do to him once within mauling distance. The tubby dragon put everything he had into a counter push, but sadly his extra poundage would only carry him so far. This was absurd, what did he do to get himself in this situation? Was refusing treatment for the sticky green substance coating him really grounds for a sudden wrestling match? It's not fair! Right now, he should be watching the climax to his movie while enjoying a burger at his favorite restaurant, not wrestling a bear who was trying to bite his neck off! Feeling another wave adrenaline hit him, the pearly dragon growled and heaved back, feeling new energy flowing throughout him.

It was at this point that a multitude of events occurred within quick succession, starting with the green goo starting to glow particularly bright, followed up by a rather peculiar twist of events. Glowing with power, Psychic gripped the bear in his chubby claws and managed to not only push back the mighty ursine, but managed to lift him off the ground as well! The bulky containment worker grunted, completely baffled as he swung his claws around, trying to swing the tide of the fight back into his favor, yet it was all in vain. With the rage of a hungry fatty, Psychic launched the bear off to the side with ease. 

With a grunt of shock, the ursine managed to tumble onto his back, feeling a slight bruise form on his back, yet remaining relatively unharmed. Groaning in discomfort, the bear slowly leaned forward into a sitting position, just in time to watch the dragon waddle away, completely focused on his phone yet again. This could be his mind still deranged from the fight, but the bear noticed something quite interesting. Usually, objects appeared smaller the farther away they travelled, so why did the dragon appear even bigger?
________________________________________


Interestingly enough, Psychic found himself reaching the burger joint far sooner than expected. Even though the dragon tends to lose track of time once he’s fixated onto his phone, he managed to finish the 15 minute walk in a little under 10, something he attributed to the endurance he had earned from his exercise routine. However, Psychic did end up breaking his emersion into his movie multiple times on the way. A painful itch on his arm here, a loud grumbling from his stomach there, a slight tear on his pants, all of which lowered the chubby dragon’s already rock-bottom mood. At this point, he just wanted to grab a bite to eat and get home before anyone else can spoil his day any further. 

	Unfortunately, it appears that would have to wait, for when the dragon walked inside the establishment, he was greeted with the sight of a very long line. Psychic found himself nearly at the entrance from how absurdly long the line was. He thanked his lucky stars that he still had much of his movie to burn through while he waited, although he would quickly learn that his atrocious day had only just begun. 

	While standing in line, Psychic couldn’t help but fidget from time to time, occasionally lifting an arm to scratch at his pits while still watching his movie. No matter how engrossed he became, the dragon still felt the itchy sensation intensify, as if ants were crawling all over him. To make matters worse, Psychic found his clothing growing tighter with each consecutive scratch, a deed crease forming in his forehead when he couldn’t even reach down to scrape at his underbelly. This tightening sensation was most notable every time the line moved up and he was forced to waddle forward, his leggings so tight around his thighs he was certain they were cutting blood flow. “Stupid truck, spilling water all over my clothes. Shouldn’t have worn dry-clean only today,” Psychic mumbled to himself, looking for any outlet he could think of to pin the blame of the increasingly-tightening clothes. He pressed his phone even closer to his head, practically resting the device on his broad muzzle as he could feel his shirt ride up around his spherical stomach, as well as the murmuring of the furs behind him. 

	Try as he might, the itchiness just wouldn’t stop, leaving him fighting against his clothes just to scratch at that sweet spot. Psychic pretended not to hear his shirt start to rip along his back as he reached forward to dig his claws into his stomach, not even bothering to question why his gut felt so soft or why his arm sagged onto his chest. The dragon’s chubby cheeks flushed red when the seat of his pants started to tear apart as well, yet he continued to act painfully oblivious to the chaos surrounding him, even shrugging off his horns scraping against something and the tickling sensation on his lower stomach, as if one of the ants had suddenly tripled in size. Angry for not being acknowledged, the ant suddenly pinched Psychic’s stomach, causing an indignant growl from the dragon as he peered over his stomach to look at this ant. “Can I help yo-“

	Psychic grew pale (well, as pale as a bone-white dragon can get), the rest of his sentence ending abruptly as he saw who this “ant” was. 

	“Um, s-sir, I was asking if I c-could take your order,” the blond draolf quivered before Psychic, his neck craned all the way back just so he could take in the sight before him.

	 Psychic towered over the frightened cashier, the dragon somehow managing to grow an extra ten feet without realizing it! He was a giant, a colossal drake as large as the mythological creatures his species was named after! His horns pressed against the massive ceiling, making it difficult to crane his neck without scratching the ceiling. No wonder he was hearing so many hushed voices talking behind his back; who wouldn’t be concerned of a massive dragon growing before their very eyes!

	Speaking of massive, as if on cue, Psychic felt the last of his clothing explode off of his body, showering the poor draolf with leather confetti. With no more constraining clothes on him, the dragon’s flab flowed outwards like a river bursting through a dam, his massive gut flowing onto his knees while his rump rested against his thighs. 

	For the moment, Psychic was stuck in a stare off, the obese dragon frozen in place holding in his immense gut so he could continue eye contact with the draolf beneath him while dozens of onlookers fainted at the sight of an exposed ass the size of a table. Just when things couldn’t get any weirder, Psychic felt another strange itching sensation, and before he knew it the top of his head was pressing into the ceiling along with his gut resting onto the counter. “Uh, on second thought I should really go on a diet,” the growing drake explained as he bent over and crawled back the way he came, everyone immediately sidestepping out of the path of the giant rump. Once he felt he had enough room, Psychic turned and hurled himself at the door, just in time to feel himself swell outwards yet another foot, wedging him firmly into the doorway. 

	“This isn’t happening, this is not happening,” the drake growled as he managed to squeeze his arms through the narrow opening, pressing them firmly against the walls and pushing while his feet dug into the tiles within. Even with part of his upper body outdoors, Psychic was experiencing some extreme claustrophobia as the rest of him continued to expand within the building, pushing apart tables, chairs, and even other furs with his bulk. He felt trapped, contained in a shrinking cage, spurring him to push himself harder and harder. Even so, his blubber was only so malleable, and soon he wasn’t making any sort of headway; that is, until he heard a slight creaking noise. With an explosion of sound, Psychic tumbled forward onto his gut as the entire front of the building collapsed, freeing the dragon along with the startled patrons inside. 

	Moaning and groaning, Psychic put a paw to his forehead as he slowly leaned back. “Please, someone wake me up from this nightmare,” the bloated reptile grumbled, clumsily pushing himself onto his knees. Just the acting of standing up was becoming a hassle as he pressed his hand into the burger joint for support, not noticing that his paw was against the roof and not the wall. What he did notice, however, was the huge traffic congestion forming right in front of him, as well as the steadily-growing group of furs gawking at him from the street. 

	“W-what the hell is that monster?!”

	“By god, it tore apart that building like it was cardboard!”

	“L-look at the size of its stomach! How many of us has he eaten already?!”

	“Someone call the army!”

	With a gasp, Psychic quickly shook himself away, holding out his paws defensively. “W-wait, you guys! This is all a huuuuge misunderstanding!” he tried explaining, stepping forward to get a better view of the crowd. Unfortunately, that statement soon became quite literal as his foot came crashing down on an unsuspecting car, crushing it like a soda can. Horrified at the destruction before them, the crowd quickly disbanded, furs running around in every direction away from the monstrosity. 

	“Guys, c’mon! That was an accident!” Psychic pleaded, frantically trying to track down the remaining furs. With a groan, the dragon slowly and carefully strode down the road, squeezing his gut inward in order to avoid making the same mistake again. Even so, his overhanging stomach had just grown too big, blocking sight of most of the ground even when sucked in. With no other option, Psychic resorted to shuffling his feet along the pavement, yet even still he heard the occasionally metallic crunch of a vehicle meeting its demise beneath the blubbery behemoth. 

	The streets were filled with the sounds of screaming, terror, and occasional apologizing as Psychic made his way downtown, lumbering aimlessly in an effort to find someone to help. Yet everywhere where he went, he was greeted with the usual shrieks of panic. Several times, he was greeted with a convoy of police vehicles, feeling relieved that they may help them, as well as confused when they started opening fire on him. Once his thick, blubbery scales deflected the bullets, the cops themselves would join the public in mass panicking. Yet even so, Psychic continued on his quest to search for help, leaving behind a growing trail of paw-shaped craters in his wake. 

	Deeper and deeper into the city he went, the buildings growing taller along with the pudgy dragon. With his immense bulk blocking his vision, it became almost impossible for him to gauge how big he was becoming until a helicopter suddenly appeared from behind a skyscraper, hovering at eye level. For a moment, the drake felt the sense of hopelessness lift from his heart as a tiny fox no bigger than his claw stepped out from the vehicle, carrying a megaphone. “Attention fat monster! Attention fat monster! Can I have your attention please, fat monster? I request your attention, fat monster. Do I have your-“

	“Yes!” Psychic shouted out, the force of his breath shaking the helicopter in mid air. 

	Once the tiny fox recovered from almost behind blown off his ride, he straightened himself up and continued speaking. “Why are you attacking our city, fat monster? Have you run out of food on your planet, fat monster? If so, we are willing to part with some of our resources, although we highly advice you consider a weight loss regime once you leave.”

	“I…” Psychic stumbled, too shocked and embarrassed to continue. With every foot he grew vertically, two more were added to him horizontally; turning him into the giant rolling ball of pudge he was now. It was due to sheer strength that Psychic managed to remain mobile, even with most of his gut now resting on the street before him. Everyone on the ground became less afraid of the monster and more so of the giant moving walls of scaly white lard swiftly advancing towards them. And yet surprisingly, Psychic still somehow managed to shuffle his mass forward, even if his bloated legs were invisible beneath the sea of stomach before him. His muzzle, as massive as it was, could only be seen from very specific angles as his enormous neck spilled onto his house-sized mobs. Psychic had to squint in order to get a good look at the tiny copter, his vision heavily impaired by two enormous cheeks congealing into his eyesight. “I’m not an alien, or monster or whatever. I’m just a normal dragon who-“

	“Pfft, yeah right,” the fox snorted, stepping out to nudge Psychic’s left cheek with his shoe. “You were probably kicked off Mars after eating all their sundaes or something, you alien pig.”

	Psychic flushed bright red, his tail flicking somewhere beneath his enormous rump, making it quiver. “What the hell, dude? Lay off my weight already.”

	“How about you lay off the Cheetos first, tubby,” the vulpine snickered, kicking around the dragon’s face some more. 

	“And how about you shut up, or-“

	“Or what, you’re gonna swat us out of the air? You can’t even reach past your own stomach, Hogzilla.” The fox let out a loud cackle, before climbing back into his helicopter with a smirk.

	“Oh yeah?!” With renewed vigor, Psychic stepped forward and swiped at the vehicle, anger clouding his rational thought. The helicopter swiftly flew backwards, dodging the attack as nimbly as a fly as it hovered away, the fox still shouting insults at the dragon. “Ooh, I almost felt the wind on that one!”

	Seething with rage, Psychic lumbered after the copter, the restraint in his actions now long gone. The behemoth charged through the city, growling as he stomped through the streets, the shockwaves strong enough to shatter windows. His stomach swayed and wobbled with each swipe at the copter he took, slamming into buildings with the force of a million wrecking balls. Each step was like unleashing an earth quake, shaking the buildings down to their foundations. And he was secretly loving this. 

	Psychic grinned toothily as he slowly caught up the flying copter, his pudgy outstretched arms ready to snatch it right from the sky. He’ll show them for laughing at him and calling him fat! He wasn’t just fat, he was a monster, a strong and powerful kaiju, who looked forward to eating the tiny toy vehicle before him like a crumb. And right as the copter got within arms reach-

	SQUISH

	Psychic was swiftly grounded to a halt, the rest of his body quivering and jiggling onward. He was so eager on striking down the helicopter before him that he didn’t realize he was being led in between the two tallest skyscrapers in the city, where he was currently wedged. 

	“Ha! He feel for it! I told you he would fall for it!” the fox howled with laughter, pointing at the obese monster. “O-oh man, I’m dying! He’s trapped right in the middle of it! O-oh god, this is too great!”

	Grunting with shock, Psychic growled and dug his feet in the ground to burst free, yet with every passing second he felt his thighs well thicker and thicker, finally restricting their movement. Eyes wide with fear, the monstrous creature swung to take down the buildings, but they were too far away for his fat stubby arms to reach. He was well and truly stuck, and it became more apparent with every second as he felt his sides grow tighter and tighter. 


	Not surprisingly, the helicopter flew close to his head yet again, taunting him about how he was misled like a big dumb monster and that he was to stay still while the army came to finish him off, not that was paying much attention. Psychic’s mind was stuck on how to escape, and with his limbs becoming engulfed in their own obesity, the immobile drake realized the only way to be free was to grow bigger.

	And grow bigger he did.

	With his mind finally free, Pyschic’s body suddenly exploded with fat, his blubbery body expanding a whole ten feet a second! Not prepare for such an unorthodox attack, the fox screamed as the helicopter crashed into his enormous moob, where an advancing roll of neck flab swiftly covering the vehicle, pinning them for good. The enormous skyscrapers creaked and cracked nosily from the increased pressure until finally bending outwards, their foundations being ripped apart by the drake’s expanding lard. And that gave him an animalistic sort of joy. 

	Psychic roared and swelled with pride as he heard the metallic scraping of buildings being toppled by the avalanche of flab. He watched as his stomach pressed outwards into the horizon, sweeping up furs, cars, and more buildings along the way. Behind him, he could feel his rump achieve a similar feat, although the unique shape of his booty caused it to crush and plow through buildings instead of sweeping them up. Whether the buildings were destroyed, lost in his rolls, or both, Psychic could only grin as he was the driving force behind all this destruction. He was Godzilla, essentially, even if he was a few million tons heavier. Hell, he might be able to beat Godzilla in a fight, considering the battlefield would have to be Psychic himself!

	However, a single regret formed in the back of his lard-ladened mind as Psychic coated the entire city in his flab. “Darn, now I’ll never figure out how that movie ended."

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/22179774/