In a plot twist of the century,  blkdragon finds himself shrunken down to a twelfth of his height! The dragon is quite not alright at all with this sudden development, and is desperate to return to his normal height through any means necessary. Enter Denya, who is not only happy to help, but is also happy to get a chance to test his cooking abilities~ 

A very late birthday present for BLK. Was quite surprised at the request he gave me, too! This is definitely the fattest I've ever written BLK~ 

I hope you all enjoy! 9k words exactly



“Thanks for coming to help out, Denya!”

BLK meant every word of it too. He never thought he’d be so relieved to see the dragonwolf, or draolf, standing in his front doorway. It wasn’t like he was usually anxious to see Denya over, it was just the dragon knew better than to invite the pudgy hybrid over when there was food he wanted to keep for himself. 

Denya smiled and nodded at the words. “Hey, no problem, B. You know I’m all too happy to clean out a pantry or three!” 

Ah, there it was. Folding his goat-like ears, BLK grimaced as he awkwardly rubbed his claws through his snow-white hair. “Erh, not quite. We’re just cleaning out Alan’s room today, Denya. Which is, you know…on the other side of the house, away from the kitchen.” He made sure to emphasize that last point, just in case the portly draolf in front of him didn’t get any ideas. 

“Oh, I see.” There was no denying the disappointment in Denya’s voice; even his little dragon wings drooped down as he sadly sauntered into the house. Yet, somehow, he managed to almost immediately bounce right back into his usual perky self. “Well that’s alright! I don’t mind helping a friend out on their birthday, at least. How old are you turning? Fifty?” 

Wrong again. “I really appreciate it, Denya, but it’s…not my birthday.” Seriously, he already explained everything to the dense draolf over the phone. It wasn’t like they were talking about anything serious, although admittedly the draolf did sound as though he was speaking with his mouth full. It didn’t take much to distract him. 

Regardless, BLK made sure Denya was making eye contact with him as he lead the draolf through the house, making sure to pull on his tail should he get distracted by the kitchen. “It’s Alan’s birthday today, and I wanted your help in cleaning up his room. He’s been complaining about how messy it’s gotten over the years, but we’ve never really found time to tackle it together.” 

“Aaaah, I getcha.” Denya nodded along; BLK really hoped the hefty hybrid wasn’t just pretending to understand. “So Alan’s busy today, too?” 

“Sorta. I bought him a trip to the spa as a present today, too, to get him out of the house for a bit. This is meant to be a surprise for him, ya know? He left not too long ago, so we should have a good couple hours to get this room all nice and tidy.” 

“Couple hours? Pssh! We’ll have it down in less than one!” Denya scoffed, holding out his arms a couple feet apart. “He’s only like this tall, right? How much of a mess could he make?” 

BLK couldn’t help but snort at that. “See for yourself.” For at that moment, they had arrived at Alan’s room. Shoving open the door, BLK had to hide the smirk when he saw the horrified look on Denya’s face. 

It was a messy room, alright. So messy, in fact, that the carpet couldn’t even be seen. So messy, that the mess itself actually poured out of the room when the dragon forced open the door. So messy, that the mess was actually level with the bed! It was like a Jackson Pollock painting come to life, the floor a variety of colors, with clothes and knicknacks completely scattered throughout. It was like stepping into a self-contained pond made out of dirty socks, candy wrappers, and old blankets. 

“Criminy…” Denya muttered after a moment’s silence, slowly prying his jaw off the ground. “That’s…yeah, that’s a lot of mess. Like, how does he even sleep in here?” 

“He doesn’t.” The brown-spotted dragon corrected him. “He’s been sleeping in my bed…sometimes when I’m still in it.” 

“Ah.” This time it was Denya’s turn to smirk as he gently elbow’d BLK’s middle. “Well, you are at your cuddliest around this time of year.” 

“H-hey!” BLK weakly swatted Denya’s arm away, painfully aware of how much give his own middle had. While Denya was still the fatter of the two, it’d be wrong to call himself thin in any capacity, the 8 foot tall drake earning himself quite the pear-shaped bod thanks to the spoils of holiday feasting, what with his low-hanging belly and thunder thighs. Huffing in indignation, the pudgy dragon bent over to start cleaning up, trying to ignore the feeling of his gut squishing inwards. “Can we just start cleaning already?” 

“Alright, alright.” Denya relented, squeezing past his friend to get inside. But not without making one last retort. “We’ll finish quickly so you can make yourself a snack. We know how cranky you can be when you’re hungry.” 

With a flick of his tail, BLK sent a pair of Alan’s month-old underwear at Denya’s face, the sound of the draolf gagging music to his ears.



BLK already had a set of bins set up to help simplify the cleaning process. A bin for dirty laundry, a bin for trash, a bin for recycle, a bin for magical relics, and a bin simply labeled “other” for anything that didn’t belong in the others. Vacuuming might have to be for another day, unfortunately, but just being able to see the carpet again would still be a massive improvement. The dragon couldn’t help but wonder if he should have built a shed for Alan’s birthday instead, so his kobold roommate could have a better place to store his stash. It could finally give Alan a reason to not suddenly supersize him outside, at least; collateral damage normally doesn’t register in the little reptile’s mind, but perhaps it might if it was his stuff getting damaged. 

Ah, it was easy for his mind to wonder when doing housework. 

To his surprise, the two doughy dragons were actually making decent progress with their cleaning. They quickly fell into a rhythm of sorts, sorting what they were holding into their respective bins while using their large tails to scoop up the next item on the floor. With any luck, they would actually be able to finish within an hour like Denya predicted, and could move onto vacuuming and freshening up the room! 

BLK was afraid his friend would find spending the afternoon cleaning his roommate’s room would get boring, but the draolf hardly seemed to mind. Denya was surprisingly good at keeping himself occupied, humming to himself or playing with any of the knicknacks he would come across. More often than not, he would hear his friend speak up about the curiosities found in the kobold’s room. 

“Erf, this armband’s really tight.” 

“That’s a belt, Denya.” 

“Oh…” The draolf blushed as he pried the “armband” off, said arm jiggling quite a bit. “I keep forgetting that Alan's super tiny and skinny.” 

“Mhm.” BLK wondered if Denya says the things he says to make him feel better about himself. 

The dragon’s ears perked up when he heard plastic jingling beside him, as well as Denya speaking up. “Ooooh, this is neat! Is it, like, a telescope that lets you peek into a special dimension?” 

BLK turned his head to see. “That’s a kaleidoscope.” 

“A maaaaaagic kaleidoscope?” Denya asked, still peering through the object. When BLK didn’t answer, the draolf huffed and pulled it away. “I’ll put it in ‘other,’ but I bet there’s some magic in there.” 

“Mhm.” 

“I’m serious! Alan loves pouring magic in random things, right? This blue basketball might be full of magic.”

“Blue basketball?” Furrowing his brow, BLK turned once again to see what Denya was referring to-

“DENYA! PUT THAT DOWN!” 

Denya did not, in fact, put that down, the draolf frozen in shock of the sudden shouting. It meant the large dragon had to shuffle over to snatch the orb from Denya’s shaking paws, who looked up at him with a horrified, blank expression. “A-ah! Wh-what is it?!” 

“It’s…” Well, BLK wasn’t so sure what it was himself. Just from looking at it, it looked to be a simple blue sphere roughly the size of a basketball, covered in various white chalk designs. Most of these designs looked like complete nonsense, a couple of them vaguely resembling clocks if he squinted his eyes, perhaps. Of course, BLK knew from prior experiences that these were magical runes with strange abilities, although what these runes were or what magical abilities were slipped his mind. 

Just like how he failed to notice one particular rune start to glow, the orb growing ever so slightly heavier in his arms. 

Instead, BLK explained to Denya what Alan told him. “It’s, erh, a prototype Alan’s been messing with for a few years. It’s supposed to drain your magic and let you recast it at another time, but he’s never managed to get it working properly. I’m really sorry for snapping at you like that, Den; It’s already very dangerous, even when Alan is using it. I was afraid of what would happen if someone without magical abilities tried handling it.” 

The look of shock on the draolf’s chubby face lessened after the apology; unfortunately, it was replaced with intrigue and excitement. “Wait, I wanna take a closer look. That sounds really cool!” 

“Did you not just hear me now?!” BLK growled, using his free arm to keep the doughy draolf at bay while holding the blue orb away. “I don’t even know how this thing works. It could seriously hurt you!” 

“It’s just supposed to drain magic, right?” Denya cheekily quipped. “I don’t have any to drain.” 

“It’s supposed to, but it’s still a prototype!” Seriously, Denya knew what a prototype was, right? Were three syllable words even in the draolf’s lexicon? 

Thankfully, Denya relented, wings drooped in a pouty motion. A good thing too; BLK’s arm was starting to feel sore carrying the orb above his head for some strange reason. “Fiiiine. You’re no fun. I don’t see why you get to hold it.” 

“That’s because…” He didn’t have a good reason, obviously, outside of making sure the reckless canine didn’t get his paws on it. The right choice would be to put it down, of course. Right.

Only, when he attempted to do that, the dragon suddenly found himself stumbling over, grunting. 

“Woaaah!” Denya cried, catching the dragon in his arms. “Are you alright? Was that the orb’s fault?” 

“I…” BLK blinked, grunting. His arms were on fire! Every part of his body twinged with a sharp ache; a feeling akin to waking up after laying on his arm awkwardly, cutting off blood flow. Just staying upright was a chore, the orb like a lead weight in his arms; if it weren’t for Denya, he just may have collapsed! 

And speaking of Denya; oh Gods, the dragon’s yellow eyes widened when he saw the draolf. 

They were the same height! 

As he stood there in stunned silence, staring into Denya’s green eyes, BLK’s brain slowly made the connection of just what was happening to him, and what was the cause of it. But just as he was making the motions to drop the orb shrinking him, the painful twinge shot through his body once more. 

Suddenly, he was staring at Denya’s shins!

“A-ah!” The big, erh, little dragon exclaimed, claws grasping his head in shock and horror. That orb really was bad news for non-magic users; he was a fraction of his size. The shocked draolf before him towered over him like a building; the entire messy room looked like the sight of a landfill instead. He was tiny! Miniscule! Itty-bitty! He was-

*thunk*

He was dead if he didn’t get out of the way! The orb he had been holding suddenly dropped right before him, now an intimidating blue boulder slowly careening towards him. Yelping and huffing, the poor tiny drake turned tail and scrambled away, desperate to crawl through the towering avalanche of trash, in order to escape the ball of death rolling towards him. If that thing was heavy to an 8 foot dragon, imagine how deadly it’d be on top of an 8 inch dragon! 

	Thankfully, in a rare act of quick-thinking, Denya managed to lean down and scoop up the miniature reptile before he was turned into paper. Panting and shivering, BLK clung to the enormous black paw raising him higher and higher, terrified. “A-ack! Put me down!” 

	“O-oh, sorry!” Bashfully, Denya did as he was told, lowering BLK. 

	The dragon’s ears folded further, goosebumps coating his scaly body. “W-wait! Pick me up again!” 

	He practically lept into Denya’s outstretched paw, tail curled up tightly around his figure. He knew he was being finicky, but he couldn’t help it; this was just too much. He always loved the presence and control he had for a dragon as tall as he was, having it all taken away from him was genuinely terrifying. He felt helpless, vulnerable, a tiny creature who needed constant protection! 

	At least Denya looked slightly concerned for his well being, although the draolf’s enormous, wide-open eyes were slightly terrifying considering the head looming over him was larger than himself. “Awwww, you’re shivering so much. Are you cold, B?” 

	Honestly, if BLK didn’t know Denya, he would have accused the draolf of being a smartass. He tried tensing up to stop the jittering, yet it only made it worse, the tiny stuck being a trembling mess in his friend’s paw. “P-please don’t drop me.” 

	“I would never!” The draolf exclaimed, bringing BLK closer to his chest. “You’re safe with me, bud! I’d never let anything happen to a cute lil derg like you.” 

	“I’m not cute!” BLK yelped, flushing bright red when he heard his own voice squeak. Great, he wasn’t exactly proving his point here. Huffing and trying to ignore the draolf’s adoring face, BLK sat on Denya’s paw with his arms crossed, his lengthy tail curled tightly around his waist. If this situation weren’t so terrifying, he would have been elated to find his problematic pot-belly had been seemingly eliminated by the sudden size change, the dragon now surprisingly slender. “Just…just please return me to my normal size.” 

	“Um…” Denya’s ears folded back, the hybrid glancing at the dropped orb. “I’m not sure we should touch that thing anymore. Weird side effects could happen, ya know?” 

	Oh, now he was concerned about weird side effects! While BLK was tempted to give his friend plenty of sass for that comment, he had to admit it was a valid concern. Misusing that orb could shrink Denya too, or cause any number of weird magical shenanigans. In fact, using magical objects of any kind could be devastating. Damn, they were fresh out of luck. 

	Ears folded in embarrassment, BLK let out a sigh. “Take me to Alan.” 

	Denya blinked. “Huh?” 

	“Take me to Alan.” BLK restated, frowning. “He won’t be back for at least another hour, and I really don’t want to be stuck like this any longer than I have to be.” He really didn’t want to bug Alan on his birthday, too. So much for surprising the birthday ‘bold with a clean room. Oh well, maybe the 3.5 foot tall kobold would find it hilarious seeing his roommate a fraction of his size. 

	But Denya shook his head defiantly. “Nuh uh, not yet. C’mon, there’s gotta be a way to grow you back to normal. We can figure this out ourselves.” 

	“Denya, I-” BLK was cut off as Denya started moving, causing the anxious dragon to yelp and hold onto the hybrid’s claw again. Squeezing for dear life, he felt he didn’t have a choice in the matter as the draolf continued speaking. 

	“Actually, I have the perfect idea!” 



	He should have known it was an excuse to raid the pantry. 

	The miniature dragon crossed his arms as he sat atop the draolf’s shoulders, watching his guest rummage through various cans and boxes. “Denya, this really isn’t the time for a snack.” 

	“What are you talking about? It’s the perfect time!” The draolf flashed a cheeky grin at him as he slowly stood back up, grabbing a box of pancake mix. Closing the cabinet with his thick tail, the chubby canid set the box on the kitchen counter before heading towards the fridge. “It’s all for you, of course. I’m not having a single bite. Now let’s see…we need enough milk and eggs for…ten pancakes? Twelve?” 

	BLK thought he was joking at first, yet to his surprise, he watched as the hybrid he was sitting on pulling out two full packets of eggs, as well as an unopened gallon of milk. “There’s…no way you seriously expect me to eat that many pancakes, right? More importantly, you seriously don’t think it’ll make me grow up instead of…out, do you?” 

	“Of course I do!” Denya responded in that cheerful, optimistic tone, giving the micro dragon a gentle pat on the head. “My buddyturned into a tiny wolf a couple months ago, and a bunch of food cured that issue no problem.” 

	“I…don’t think that’s what happened,” BLK winced, remembering Shinden telling a completely different story to the dragon. 

	But Denya didn’t relent, the draolf gently reaching for the drake on his shoulder to better look at him. “Alright, well look at it this way. You used to be large and fat-” 

	“Chubby!” BLK scowled. 

	“Whatever! You used to be tall and overweight, but now you’re tiny and skinny. Maybe the magic blue orb is meant to suck out magic in magic users, but instead it sucked out your mass. Which means, to get you all nice and tall again, we have to give you a little bit of extra mass,” Denya explained, giving a gentle poke to the dragon’s slender middle. 

	“W-well…” When Denya put it that way….

	The draolf continued. “Actually, I don’t even think that machine’s even meant to suck out magic! I’ve hung out with Alan before, and he tells me all the time about how you’re always complaining about your big belly and how you wished you could be skinny when you left the house, but go back to being a big snuggly buddy when you got home. Maybe that orb is actually meant to do just that; suck out all your fat and give it back to you! It’s still a prototype, which is why it messed up and shrunk you, but still! If we feed ya enough, you’ll still grow back.” 

	“I…erh…” Damn, Denya was actually surprisingly thoughtful when it came to talking about eating and gaining. He genuinely couldn’t find any fault with what the draolf said. His logic was completely sound; if there was a non-magical way to return to his original size, it was through food. At least, that’s how it looked at the moment. 

	If not, well, maybe he can pass himself off as Alan’s birthday stress toy. 

	Regardless, he made no further comments as he let the draolf cook for him, still clinging tightly to the hybrid’s shoulder. BLK could have waited on the kitchen counter instead, but the tiny dragon found staying by Denya’s side to be far more comforting. He just felt too exposed being by himself at this size, like something could just snatch him up and take him away at a moment’s notice. How ironic; when Alan made him a giant, he wanted everyone away from him so he wouldn’t cause any damage. He figured it made sense that when the reverse would happen, he would want to cling to the tallest figure he could find so nothing would cause him any damage.

	And despite what he may have thought, Denya was oddly calming to be around whilst being so small. The draolf just smiled and hummed away as he mixed ingredients, moving as smoothly as possible so as to not disturb the tiny reptile on him. It’s not like he expected the round draolf to be clumsy, even if that prodigious gut looked like quite the hindrance, the way it smushed into the counter whenever he reached over it; still, he found himself feeling a bit less anxious about his whole ordeal. Just a bit. 

	“I didn’t know you cooked, Denya.” 

	The hybrid chuckled, whisking the mixture in the bowl. “I don’t! Pancakes and waffles are the only things I’m allowed to cook at home.”

	“Allowed?” BLK furrowed his brow. 

	“Yeah, I set fire to a box of pasta once, so now I can only cook things that aren’t a fire hazard.” Denya snickered, holding up the whisk to BLK’s muzzle. “Taste test?” 

	The small dragon took a lick with his tiny tongue, smacking his lips. “Tastes great to me! I think you’re doing an excellent job, Denya.” 

	“Awww, thanks!” BLK felt the pudgy cheeks beside him warm up as the hybrid went to pour the batter onto the warm pans. “Pancakes are my specialty, I guess, even if it’s by process of elimination.” 

	BLK snorted. “Hey, if you ever learn how to prepare eggs, you could open up your own breakfast place.” 

	“B, do you really trust me with a bunch of food all by myself?” 

	“Fair enough.” 

	Never had the small dragon felt his mouth water so much at the sound of pancakes sizzling on a pan. Maybe it was his current size making everything seem grander than it really was, but the smell that erupted from the frying disks of dough was enough to make his slender belly growl. Goodness, it really did smell delicious! While Denya’s preparation of the food was compliment worthy, it was still a basic dish of pancakes; he really couldn’t wait to tear into it! 

	Denya must have felt his little friend’s eagerness, for he soon stepped away from the pancakes, taking another gander at the pantry. “Alrighty, let’s see if we can find something to curb your appetite while those bad boys finish cooking.” 

	“O-oh!” BLK blushed. Great, now he felt like a fatass, even if he technically wasn’t one at the moment. “No, It’s alright. Don’t worry about it.” 

	“Nope, I’m worrying about it,” Denya teased, pat patting the drake’s tiny white head. “I dunno if a single thing of pancakes is gonna be enough to make you grow up nice and tall, now. Maybe there’s some snacks in here that can help, or we can order food. Think about how much food it must have taken to make you as big as you were before!” 

	“Like…collectively?” The drake frowned. That didn’t seem right at all. “N-no, it’s fine. Let’s just…stick with the pancakes, for now.” He didn’t want to distract Denya with more food, even if said food was supposed to go to him. Besides, he could smell one side of the pancakes was almost ready; he really didn’t want the hybrid to burn the delectable-smelling food.

	The little reptile found himself gripping tightly into Denya’s shoulder as he watched the draolf flip the pancake over, his eyes widened at the brown baked disc. Gosh, that looked so good. He had no idea what was making him this hungry, or why. He never felt this way about pancakes before, even on an empty stomach. Did shrinking have something to do with it? Was his appetite still the same as before? All he knew was that he was going to lose his mind if he didn’t get at least a single pancake all to himself, even if he could use one of those pancakes as a bed. 

	“Heh, I can feel you trembling on my shoulder, B.” 

	“Huh?” BLK shyly brought a paw up to cover his muzzle. Coincidentally, said muzzle happened to be a bit moist with drool. “No, no. I’m, erh…still a bit nervous, that’s all. Still not…used to the height thing, yeah.” 

	“Oh, I see.” Denya’s ears folded, the draolf looking somewhat dejected. “I thought you were just super excited to eat for a second.” 

	“Heheh, I can…see what you would think that.” The dragon’s face turned a few shades redder. 

	He made sure to keep both his body and tongue still as he watched his friend slide the spatula beneath the pancakes once more, sloooowly bringing them over onto the platter. Agonizingly slow, in fact. Was BLK even blinking at this point, anymore? He wasn’t even sure of it himself. 

	“Did you want syrup, B?” 

	“Yeah.” BLK responded, not even looking up. 

	He felt Denya move towards the pantry, before pausing. “Wait, are you sure? It might get a little messy at your size.” 

	“Then no.” The dragon responded, as kurtly as ever. Whatever got Denya to set him onto that pancake pile. He was just a bit too proud to admit he was practically horny for those pancakes! 

	Thankfully, Denya seemed to pick up on his friend’s excitement, seemingly not at all offended by his friend’s blunt responses. “Alrighty, then!” With a shrug (a slight jostle on BLK’s part), Denya set the plate of pancakes down on the dinner table, using his paw to lower the drake down beside it. In an act of impatience, however, BLK lept down nearly halfway, diving face first towards the fluffy wheat discs before him. 

	Oh, they were beyond soft, like landing on a cloud! That texture was exquisite; did all pancakes feel like this, or was Denya just that good at making pancakes? For a wondrous half second, the tiny dragon felt himself collide with the breaded breakfast, almost engulfing himself within it.

	That half-second of cushioned bliss was interrupted by three seconds of falling; the pancakes were so fluffy, he bounced right off of them, landing on his back on the plate! 

	“Aah!” He heard Denya yelp, the chubby canine’s concerned face looming over him. “Are you all right?!” 

	“Yeah…yeah, I’m fine,” BLK winced, easing himself up. Really, his pride hurt more than his back. That wasn’t to say his newly acquired back pain could be dismissed. Gosh, being rail thin sucked; he would gladly take the extra weight if it meant having something to cushion the blow. 

	Oh, but that’s what the pancakes were for, were they not? Rolling upright, the sight of his late-afternoon breakfast was enough to stir him out of his pained stupor. It was beautiful, to say the least; the four stack of thick, fluffy pancakes as tall as he was standing up! It took all of his willpower to not simply shove his snout in between the layers of pancakes and just inhale, instead grabbing big chunks with his claws and bringing them to his mouth. 

	“Ha! I knew you were hungry!” Denya cried out smugly, but the dragon ignored him. Denya wasn’t pancakes. Pancakes were pancakes. Somehow, a moan escaped the dragon’s fluff-stuffed muzzle as he crammed himself with the puffy pancakes, his eyes rolling back. They tasted far more decadent than he could have ever hoped for; the rich flavors bouncing around on his tongue, sending his brain into a frenzy. For that brief moment, he had completely forgotten about his size predicament, or why he was supposed to be eating the pancakes in the first place. 

	At that moment, he just wanted to eat for the sake of eating! 

	And that’s exactly what he did. Pausing only to breathe, BLK slowly carved his way deeper and deeper into the towering wall of pancakes, soon finding himself surrounded on three sides by literal walls of food. He wasn’t sure he could stop himself if he wanted to, every bite just felt better than the last! It didn’t matter if they were a little dry from the lack of syrup or butter, he hardly had any trouble swallowing literal mouthfuls of the stuff every second! 

	Similarly, his stomach had little problem taking it all in as well. 

	Roughly halfway in his pancake trench, it occured to BLK that he should be far more full than he really was. Sure, he had eaten large pancake meals before, having demolished entire stacks in the past with relative ease, but if the large gap behind him was anything to go off of, he had eaten over twice his height in pancake! Yet, that gaping hole in his stomach had seemingly only grown wider. BLK couldn’t help but worry that might not have been the only aspect of his stomach that was growing. 

	But still he ate. Inch by inch he plowed through, hardly taking in a moment to breathe. He felt Denya’s eager eyes on the back of him, but even that was secondary to the feast before him. Sure enough, his fears were founded as he felt his stomach start to press into the wall of pancakes before him, along with his snout. It may not have been too significant, heck BLK even noticed how he felt more like himself with a bit of a belly, but it was definitely enough to note the larger path the dragon had to carve out for himself as he went on. 

	And on. 

	And on. 

	Until at last, he found himself peeking his snoot out on the other side! 

	“Woooah, B! Look at ya!” Denya’s face was practically waiting for him on the other side, the draolf reaching over to split apart the two halves of the pancakes, fully revealing the other dragon. “You’re like a mole, the way you tunneled through there! I’m so jealous, that looked like a ton of fun!” 

	“Heh.” BLK couldn’t help but snicker at the thought of the fat dragonwolf diving headfirst into a mountain of food. That snicker soon escalated into a belch, however, the drake bringing up a claw to cover his mouth. Goodness, Denya wasn’t exaggerating, he ate a lot! His body was covered head to toe in crumbs, his hair in particular quite a mess, the dragon still shaking off bits and pieces of pancake from himself. Feeling a bit sheepish, he turned around to assess the damage done to the pancakes before him.

	Erh, below him. 

	He was growing! 

	Those yellow eyes widened, his lips curling upwards in a triumphant grin. It wasn’t much, barely a couple inches, but he was certainly returning to his rightful size. This was actually working! For once, Denya was actually right. He might grow back to his original height, and all he had to do was keep eating, and eating, and-

	“Bwuuurp.” Eating. 

	Huffing from that expulsion of gas, the dragon reached down to pat his belly, wincing slightly when he noticed the slight bulge. Well, that was certainly returning to its rightful size. There was a prominent protrusion of his middle, a gently sloping dome of a belly, almost as large as it was before he shrunk down. Comparatively, of course; BLK was still easily mobile, mind you. He just looked a tad pregnant. He was merely a couple pounds (er, ounces) away from returning to his typical pudgy build.

	Which, unsurprisingly, was a red flag for the dragon. 

	“Erh, Denya?” He asked hesitantly, ears folded back. “Quick question.” 

	“Wassat?” The draolf beamed, eagerly staring at his growing friend. 

	“It’s just…well, you’re right about the eating thing, and how it’s making me grow. It’s just…” He wasn’t sure how to phrase this next sentence in a way that might offend the overweight hybrid. “I feel like, at this rate, by the time I’m back to normal, I’ll be a lot…wider than normal, if that makes sense.” 

	“Oh yeah, I know.” 

	BLK blinked, frowning as he turned to the looming giant. “You knew?”

	“Mhm! I told you, I remember it worked on Shinden quite well. I don’t know why he wanted to spend all those months losing that extra chub, but yeah, it worked pretty well.” With a wolfish grin, the draolf reached and tapped a claw against that round belly, patting the taut surface. “And I’d say you’re making great progress, bud!” 

	“Denya!” BLK growned, smacking his forehead. 

	“Whaaaat? It’s no big deal! Alan can just make you skinny, right?” 

	“That only works when I’m fattened off of magic, not food!” BLK growled; or rather, his stomach growled. Apparently it had not forgotten the large pile of pancakes right next to him; even now, the slightly-more-than-tiny dragon felt tempted to reach out and nibble on some more. 

	With a huff, the dragonwolf crossed his arms in a pouting manner. “Oh, C’mon. You really thought you wouldn’t get fat eating food 10 times your size?” He gestured once to the pancakes, then again towards the chubbier dragon. “Would you rather stay tiny and skinny? Or large and in charge?” 

	“I…” Honestly, that was an easy question; BLK just didn’t want to admit it right away. The minor inconvenience of being overweight far outweighed (no pun intended) the sheer terror and helplessness he felt being shorter than a pencil. He was determined to be large and in charge once more, even if it meant being large in more ways than one. 

	Sighing, the dragon reached for another clawful of pancake, stuffing it into his mouth before he could have any more second thoughts. If Shinden could lose the weight, than so could he. Besides, it wasn’t like he wasn’t enjoying this to some extent; these pancakes were still impossibly delicious. He just couldn’t get enough! 

	That grumpy complexion soon gave way to a more pleased one as he the dragon laid back against the couch-sized cakes, pulling up chunks from beside him. As his cushion shrank, he himself grew; it was subtle at first, but now that he was a bit taller, it meant he could take larger bites. 

	And larger bites meant he grew taller. 

	So on and so forth. The same amount of time it took him to carve a tunnel through the cakes, it took him to completely polish off one of the halves, another muffled burp escaping his lips. On top of his swollen belly came other signs his body was returning back to normal; his scrawny arms were thicker and even retained some muscle, his thighs now a bit more curvy and stout, his tail strong and firm. 

	His belly round and soft, his face cherubic and chubby. 

	Ignoring the adoring coo’s he heard from Denya, BLK went back to eating the other half of the stack. Even while sitting, his head was above the stack; a reassuring sign to be sure. His tail swished away at the crumbs behind him as he gobbled up larger and larger bites, each individual pancake half gone faster than the next. While his main goal was to grow taller, it did help that his stomach never seemed to properly fill up, or that the taste never grew dull on his tongue. 

	Heck, for a moment, he had actually forgotten how fast he was growing until he leaned back after pulling the rest of the pancakes closer to him, when the plate suddenly lurched backwards with him, sending the dragon belly-up and facing the ceiling. 

	“Awwww, look at you!” Denya squealed, sounding far more excited than he should. “You’re getting so big, so quick!” 

	He wasn’t wrong. BLK filled up over half the plate just by sitting, erh, laying on it, the dragon now carefully rolling off it so as to not accidentally break his own cutlery. Grunting, he slowly rose to his feet, wiping his mouth once more as he took in his surroundings. 

	He was certainly growing. At least 5 times taller already, the dragon was now at eye level with the top of the sink faucet. Standing on the kitchen counter, he reached right above the draolf’s chest, or right below his neck, one or the other. Either way, definite progress was being made, even if it came at two costly downsides. 

	The first, and more obvious one, was his waistline. 

	Now back to his previous level of pudge, the dragon sported a sizable belly, the widening curve along his body was hard to ignore. While much of the weight center on his lower half, given the drake’s pear-shape physique and lengthy body-to-leg ratio, his arms were a fair bit rounded as well, as were his pudgy chipmunk cheeks. However, the real significance of his weight gain could definitely be seen on his lower half, given his sausage-like tail, thick haunches, and the aforementioned gut that pressed against them. There was no telling how fat he would be by the time he returned to his default height. 

	The second downside, was Denya’s constantly oggling. 

	“Aaaaah!” The draolf squealed, bouncing from one foot to the next so rapidly his entire body quaked and jiggled. “You’re like a big squishy doll! Can I hold you?” 

	“No!” 

	“Pleeeease?” 

	“No!”

	“Can I get you a bottle of milk?” 

	“Denya!” 

	“I’m serious!” Denya huffed, although that smirk said otherwise. “You can’t just eat all day, B. You need some fluids too.”

	“I…” BLK was starting to miss it when Denya wasn’t right all the time. Or at all, for that matter. 

	He stood on the counter helplessly as the draolf went straight to the fridge, pulling not just the milk out, but a package of refrigerated sausages, bacon, ham…really, he was emptying the damn thing! “Denya, what are you doing?!” 

	“Continuing the feast, silly!” The draolf snickered, as if that were the most obvious question anyone had ever asked him. “We’re not done yet until you’re back to your normal height. And if we have to feed you everything in the house, then so be it!”

	The dragon’s chubby cheeks flushed red. As if he didn’t look fat enough, his stomach chose a wonderful time to sing its praises at the introduction of more food. He really was going through with this, wasn’t he? 

	Well, in for a penny, in for a pound. 

	Grabbing the remaining piece of pancake, BLK nibbled away as he watched his draolf friend cook for him, his appetite flaring up once again as his kitchen began smelling like the inside of a breakfast diner. It was a good thing Denya was facing away from him while he cooked. 

	If he saw the draolf’s wicked grin, he may have had second thoughts about eating…



	Alan had never felt so refreshed in his life! 

	The kobold’s smile never left his face the moment he left the spa. Heck, he was even humming and nodding to himself as he walked along the sidewalk, his orange ear frills bobbing with his head. He probably looked a little crazy to everyone he walked past, given how a few furs turned their heads in his direction, but who cared? He looked and felt great! 

	That spa was everything he could have wanted. The bath was simply divine, how warm and soothing it felt. They even had a wonderful scent called Enchanted Forest they used in the soap, something that brought the small kobold memories of home. The attendants were so kind to him, polishing every little scale of his until he glowed a bright crimson while bringing him fresh fruit to snack on. Even his claws were a clear translucent white…when was the last time they were ever so clean? They’d been slightly yellow for so long, he thought that was just their natural color! Really, he felt refreshed and rejuvenated from the ground up. 

	The only thing that would have made it better, were if BLK had gone with him, which was why his smile widened when his house came into view. 

	The attendants were kind, but they weren’t exactly conversationalists, many of them just smiling and nodding as they did their jobs. It was hard for Alan to get much of a reaction out of any of them, even when retelling tales of how he’d turned his dragon roommate into a kaiju dozens of times. And while it was relaxing to soak in the jacuzzi for an hour with cucumbers covering his eyes, after several minutes it started to grow boring. If only he had his best friend to chat and joke with. Honestly, nothing got him to relax more than that familiar “Alaaaaan!” BLK cried out when he got flustered. 

	Well, it was still his birthday, and BLK said he didn’t work today. Maybe they could spend the evening nestled on the couch watching bad horror movies or something. Knowing the dragon, Alan figured it was safe to assume his roommate had already cooked up a great big birthday meal for the two of them. 

	Hell, the kobold swore he could smell food before he even opened the front door! 

	Tail quivering excitedly behind him, Alan wasted no time throwing open that front door, eager to run into the kitchen and give his roommate a big hug. Instead, he found Denya sitting on the living room couch, munching on a sandwich while watching TV. 

	“Oh, heya Alan.” Denya smiled, lazily waving a hand while taking another bite. 

	“Uh, hey Denya.” Alan’s own smile wavered, his ear frills drooping. If Denya was here, that meant the pantry was no doubt empty. “I, eh, didn’t know you were coming over. Did I just ruin a surprise party for myself?” Just over the din of the TV, Alan could hear someone quite ravenously eating away in the kitchen, those ‘omfs’ and ‘nomfs’ quite unmistakable. Which was strange, considering Denya was here, sitting on the couch, and not the one in the kitchen making all those ‘omfs’ and ‘nomfs.’ 

	The draolf chuckled. “Nah, it’s just me and B. I wish we were having a surprise birthday party, though. Woulda meant more food!” 

	“Right.” Honestly, anyone could read Denya like a book. Although, something about what Denya just said did sound a bit off. “Wait, so that’s B in the kitchen, then?” 

	“Mhm.” The chubby draolf nodded, before leaning his head back. “Yo, B! Come out here and lemme check in on you!” 

	“Coming!” BLK responded from the other room, although the sound was slightly muffled, no doubt the dragon still had food in his mouth. 

	Which, again, was off. Sure, BLK was fat, but Alan thought the dragon was trying to keep his weight in check. Why did it sound like he was eating like there was no tomorrow just now? Was he that concerned with Denya eating everything that he decided to do the deed before the draolf could? And-

	Good lord, was the house shaking?! 

	The kobold yipped when he noticed the slight trembling. Even the ceiling fan in the living room was wobbling a bit from the tremors! This wasn’t an earthquake, was it? It couldn’t be BLK, could it? 

	And why the hell was Denya grinning so wide?! 

	Alan soon learned the answer when he noticed a shadow from the other side of the doorway. He could see something large, round, and tan approaching, soon completely spilling through. A big, round, squishy mass pressing heavily into the doorway; Alan’s heart skipped a beat when he recognized what that was. 

	BLK’s stomach plates. 

	There was some grunting, and that squishy mass shifted downwards a bit. The grunting continued, until the edge of BLK’s snout started to come into view. A snout completely covered in crumbs, and as long as Denya’s torso. With a bit of effort, the rest of his head popped through the doorway, and Alan saw firsthand the pair of basketball-sized cheeks framing that chubby head. 

	That was BLK. No doubt about it. 

	“Am I uuuuurp  finally big enough?” BLK asked; goodness, even his voice sounded fatter, like thick chocolate syrup! 

	From the couch, Denya just chuckled at the behemoth clogging up the doorway. “Nah, not even close. Get back in there and keep eating, big guy!” 

	The massive dragon pouted. “C’mon, Denya, I’ve been eating for hours! Alan’s gonna be home any minute, and if I’m not my normal size, I’ll-” 

	He paused, eyes wide with shock as he noticed the kobold in his peripheral vision. “He’s home!” 

	Alan didn’t say anything. He couldn’t say anything. He could barely believe that fatso in the doorway really was BLK! Stunned into silence, the kobold stood back and watched as the dragon frantically started wedging all that bulk through the comparatively tiny doorway. Bit by bit, the pudgy drake squished his malleable frame through, the doorway bowing out ever so slightly as he did. Alan still couldn’t believe it. Seriously, what did BLK do to himself while he was gone?! 

	Eventually, the rest of the tan belly made its way through, as the spotted brown scales belonging to the parts of BLK that weren’t his belly began squeezing through. Despite not being tummy fat, it was just as doughy; the dragon’s fat face was pink by the time he finally made it through. Once he stumbled in, BLK was stooped over, both panting to regain his breath as well as due to his sheer size preventing him from standing fully upright. 

	Which was perfect, because it gave Alan plenty of time to take in the sight before him while BLK had a breather. 

	The dragon was FAT! Far fatter than Denya even, and the draolf needed two stools when he sat at a bar! No, BLK was more than fat, he was BIG! Huge, enormous, ginormous…other words that mean big! Somehow, the doughy drake went from his usual 9 feet to nearly 14 feet tall, almost the height of a street light! And yet, that 9 feet could now be considered BLK’s width, barring the tail, of course. Granted, that tail was 9 feet long by itself now, looking like a cross between a croissant and a six-seater couch, but that was an entirely different beast. 

	Really, the “beast” Alan couldn’t take his eyes off was that gut, which looked big enough to fit a car in! Every inch of BLK looked round and puffy, a series of circles and tubes stacked on top of one another. The dragon looked like a beyond overinflated stuffed animal, bearing a gut that completely obscured his legs, a gut that was wider than BLK could stretch his arms out! Just watching the dragon pant was mesmerizing, seeing that bloated belly rise up and down, up and down. It was thanks to Alan’s three foot stature that he could still somehow see BLK’s toes beneath that leviathan of a gut…wow, were those toes fat as well?! 

	“H-hurf…h-hey, Alan!” BLK managed to mutter out between pants, causing the kobold to finally glance up. The dragon’s face was just as puffy, his lengthy snout looking far shorter between those pudgy, dimpled cheeks. He didn’t even have a neck anymore, a very surprising feat, given just how long that neck was! Now, it just went straight from a fat head, to a fatter chest, widening out to the fattest belly Alan had ever seen. 

	Wiping his muzzle of any crumbs (and promptly licking said crumbs off his claw), the large drake continued. “I-I’m really sorry, Alan. We were trying to clean your room for your birthday, we ended up stumbling on something, I had to eat to grow tall again, and- oof!” 

	But he was cut off as Alan practically dived headfirst into where BLK’s navel would be, scooping up as much belly pudge as he could. “You’re so friggin huuuuge, B! I love it!” 

	A moment’s silence; well, as silent as a constantly churning and gurgling stomach would allow, before BLK responded. “What?” 

	“Don’t play dumb!” The kobold chirped, nuzzling his way in deeper. Hrrrf, screw the spa; this was peak comfort right here! To be fully enveloped in his best friend’s chub, feeling the warm, pillowy softness press in all around him from nearly every angle, drowning him out from the rest of the world. There was no Denya, or even the rest of the house for that matter; just him and that gut! Though the stomach’s noises were amplified, he could hear the dragon’s heart beating beneath it all, a sound that provided more tranquility than any spa ever could. 

	Eventually, he had to slowly step back out to continue the conversation, but as soon as the outside air hit him he wanted to dive right back into the flabby embrace. “This is the best birthday present I could have ever asked for! Seriously, B, if Denya wasn’t here, I’d have a full on meltdown from how happy this makes me!” 

	“Alan…” he heard BLK say, although he thought he heard a barely suppressed sob; it was hard to tell since he couldn’t see the dragon’s face past that gut. Soon, however, he felt the ground shake again, that gut quivering so hard it nearly threw him off his feet; BLK must have sat down. 

	The dragon chuckled. “Get on up here so I can give you the warmest, softest hug of your life!” 

	Oh, he didn’t need to be told twice! Using the couch as leverage (Denya was kind enough to scoot out of the way), Alan body slammed onto that literal bed of a belly, landing with the most satisfying plop ever. Man, it was one thing to press himself against that wonderful gut, but to lay atop it was just too perfect. The kobold could have napped on that jiggling waterbed right then and there if he wanted to; sinking in halfway into that warm, scaly chub; feeling that stomach churn and that heart beating. 

	“Alan. I’m over here.” 

	“Shhhh.” Alan brought a finger to his lips. “Let me enjoy this.” He snickered, tail gliding across his roommate’s belly. BLK said he’s over there. On the other side of that belly. What a fatty! 

	He brought himself up, if only to playfully hop around from one foot to the next, giggling as he watched the drake jiggle and wobble. “You’re like a bounce house! I’m up to my knees in ya, pudgeball!” 

	“H-hey, quit it!” BLK brought his pudgy paws to his maw, although there was no hiding that smile from the kobold. “Y-you’re gonna make me burp on you!’ 

	“Good! You’ll have room for even more food.” 

	“Alan!” 

	Alan giggled. Ah, his second favorite noise. Taking big, long strides, he waded over to the big guy’s head, his eyes lighting up at the sight of him. Even while sitting down, BLK had to hunch over slightly. What a big fatty! 

	“Best. Birthday. Ever.” He repeated as he flopped onto his butt before the dragon, bouncing up and down on that rippling chest. “I can’t believe you even got Denya to help you get so fat, just for me. I didn’t think he had any magic to use, either.” 

	BLK chuckled, bouncing the kobold on him further. “What are you talking about?” 

	Alan teased. “I just said don’t play dumb, silly. How else did you get so tall?” 

	“O-oh.” The drake’s ears folded, his yellow eyes shifting around. “Would you believe me if I told you this…wasn’t planned?” 

	The kobold tilted his head as his roommate told him about his intended gift, how Denya found the strange orb in his room, and how they tried stuffing BLK back to his original size so as to not worry the tiny lizard on his birthday. When BLK mentioned that Denya was supposed to stop him once he returned to his proper height, however, the draolf started fidgeting in his spot, whistling awkwardly. 

	By the end of the explanation, however, Alan couldn’t help but laugh. “So magic was involved! And here I thought you’ve been wearing a corset ever since I’ve known you.” 

	“Pfft. Yeah, sure.” BLK rolled his eyes, huffing mockingly. “Gonna take me the rest of the year to burn off this weight though. I’d go jogging but, shoot, I’d end up leaving craters in the ground.” 

	“Then don’t go jogging.” Alan tapped the drake’s chubby muzzle. “Just let me shrink you back down later. Shouldn’t take more than a couple minutes.” 

	“W-what?” BLK perked up, hopeful. “But, I got fat through food, not magic. I mean, I know I shrunk because of magic, but-” 

	“Exactly! That little item is a reset button. It physically takes you back to when you last activated it!” Alan explained while flopping onto his back, making an angel in his friend’s chest. “I wasn’t lying when I said it was dangerous though. It…takes a ton of magic to power up. I had no idea what it’d do to a non-magic user, although I have to admit I’m curious to see what a pipsqueak you turned into.” 

	“Oh, please don’t!” BLK groaned. “I don’t want to be small. Please let me stay like this for at least another week?” 

	“Oh fine, I won’t-” Alan paused, slowly turning his head towards his friend. “What did you say?” 

	“I said please let me stay like this for another week,” BLK repeated, smiling. “At least another week. Before you shrink me down back to normal!” 

	“Aha!” Alan lept onto his feat, sinking up to his knees as he pointed a finger at his friend’s chubby snout. “I knew it! You love being fat!” 

	“Only in the comfort of my own home!” BLK retorted. “Carrying all that weight while going out to work is burdensome. But lazing about with my favorite kobold…yeah, I want to feel big and soft.” 

	“I knew it!” Two voices cried out; Alan barely had time to dodge before Denya suddenly flopped onto that belly bed beside him, the resulting wobbling almost throwing the kobold right off. The pudgy dragonwolf wagged eagerly as he looked up at BLK. “See, I knew you liked being fat too! That’s why I didn’t tell you you were normal sized, that’s it!” 

	No response. Neither Alan nor BLK were smiling. 

	“E-erh, guys?” Denya’s ears flopped back. “I-I mean, I know I should have been more honest, but-” 

	“Hey, Alan.” BLK cut him off, casting a glance at the kobold. “You said you wanted to see what a real pipsqueak looked like, right?” 

	“Yeah, I did.” Alan nodded, smirking as he caught on to what BLK was insinuating. 

	“Wonderful.” This time it was BLK’s turn to give Denya a wolfish smirk, feeling great pride at seeing the comparatively tiny wolf look small and helpless  beneath his gaze. “I think I know who to use your device on next.”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/46302944/