Denya yelled as he continued his attack, his arms a blur as he struck out multiple times against his opponent. Every jab, swipe, and slice was parried effortlessly by the massive hybrid before him, however, who barely had to flick his wrist to deflect the attack. With no other plan of action, the younger draolf carried on his charge, his smaller psiblades easily getting swiped away. 

"Surely you can do better than that," Shinden taunted as he suddenly flicked his sword outward, sending Denya stumbling back. Rearing his arm back, the taller hybrid suddenly stabbed forward with his blade.

Eyes widening in shock, Denya quickly fell back as the psiblade passed overhead, strands of his hair falling out. Landing on his hands, the lithe hybrid did a quick handstand, his long tail flicking out from beneath him and landing a powerful hit on his opponent's chin.

Grunting in pain, Shinden growled and quickly grabbed the black tail, rendering Denya immobile as he flailed the smaller draolf around. With no means of escape, Denya was forced to curl up as he felt his body slam into a nearby tree trunk, almost breaking the wooden pillar in two. Gasping for breath, the smaller draolf slowly got up, raising his head just in time to see a massive blue beam of light headed straight for him! Unable to dodge, Denya quickly slashed at it with his psiblades, the force of the light alone enough to send him stumbling back several feet.

Shinden chuckled and walked closer to his prey, rubbing the bruise that formed under his chin. "Two minutes in and you're already out of breath. Can't you at least try and do better? You're making us look bad,"

Growling with anger, Denya yelled and charged at his aggressor, his blades failing to strike their target yet again as Shinden continued to parry with ease. "Why are you doing this?!" He shouted, each word followed by another strike. "The people at Blaserkr did nothing to deserve your wrath! They gave you everything you could ever want!"

"And that's where you're wrong! Those fools deserve more than what I'm about to do them," Shinden growled. With a swipe of his tail, the taller draolf managed to trip Denya. While he fell, Shinden turned and delivered a devastating roundhouse kick to Denya's stomach, sending the thinner draolf hurtling along the ground. With a nasty scowl on his face, the mighty hybrid strode forward to the bruised and battered draolf, his free hand clenched into a fist. "Ever since I was a pup, they've treated me with contempt and malice, just because I didn't belong anywhere. It was a struggle just to survive at that wretched hive of villainy! Not once did anyone offer their sympathy to a starving wolf pup; they'd rather kick me out of the way."

Reaching Denya, Shinden reached down and grabbed the hybrid's head, lifting him up by his hair. "As soon as I started tinkering with what little supplies I had was when people showed interest. My inventions was what got me noticed, not my underfed body or young age. Don't you get it? Those furs don't care for others unless they think they can benefit off each other! They're nothing more than greedy and selfish bastards who deserve what's coming for them!"

Growling with contempt, Denya reached out and grabbed Shinden's arm, his claws digging into his flesh. "So you're gonna repay the kindness they did give you with bloodshed? The same people who took you in and saved your life?!"

"They only did it to benefit off my inventions!" Shinden roared as he flung Denya into the ground, his psiblade held above the injured draolf's back. "I knew you were ignorant but this is just pathetic. Not only are you a lousy fighter, but you don't even notice when people take advantage of you. I have no idea how you were ever chosen to be the Hybrid if you can't even hold your own against me. I guess they'll accept anyone these days," he scoffed.

Shinden's smirk quickly vanished as Denya unleashed a powerful shockwave from his wrists, rocketing him back towards the bigger hybrid. With a powerful kick, the lithe draolf jammed his feet into Shinden's bloated stomach, sending him spiraling back. "Next time think before you open your damn mouth!" Denya yelled as he landed in front of Shinden, the larger dragon gasping for breath after that last attack. Frothing with anger, Denya charged straight for Shinden, the lighter draolf bouncing on the tubby dragon's gut before twisting in midair, the tip of his powerful tail slamming into Shinden's cheek. 

"YEOWCH!" The dragon yelped as he put a paw to his bruised cheek. He didn't have long to check his injury before he noticed Denya charging at him again, this time with his psiblades drawn. "Stupid fool," he thought to himself, a smirk forming on his mouth as he awaited the draolf's attack. 

Leaping into the air, Denya yelled as he raised his psiblades, the tips of which were pointed straight for his adversary's face. Right before he struck, the draolf felt something massive and sharp slamming into his chest, digging into his skin. 

Shinden's grin grew wide as he leaned back, the heavy dragon performing a handstand as his tail flew above him with Denya impaled on one of his spikes. With one fluid motion, the massive dragon slammed his tail into the ground, leaving behind a small crater with Denya on the ground. 

Gasping for breath, Denya laid on his back, his eyes wide with shock on what just happened. Leaning forward, the draolf noticed a massive hole in chest quickly filling with blood. As the hole filled, his eyesight grew blurry as his head fell back onto the ground. Coughing up blood onto his chest, Denya slowly slipped into unconsciousness, the trembling draolf's last sight being a massive grey tail slowly raising in the air, one of the spikes covered in blood, before quickly descending onto him.



My first fight scene I upload on FA and it's one where Denya loses. He's not off to a great start is he? lol

Don't worry guys, I'm sure  shindenwolf wouldn't murder Denya in reality. He's nice enough to draw this awesome pic after all. But then again, this is in the world of Hybrid, so maybe :p

I might write a part 2 and 3 to this fight if anyone's interested. It'd go over more of Shinden's backstory, as well as how psiblades work and all that jazz.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/16886597/