... is another's meal. 

Well, don't take it too literally. Anyways, I finally forced  Linkclx to leave his cave and move his lazy fat butt so we can check out the city. Unfortunately, the urban air tends to fog up the dragon's judgement, and when someone who was raised on eating fruit and nuts tries delicious nachos for the first time, well, things get out of hand real fast.

For once, I'm actually really proud of how this turned out! It's still a speedwrite, but I still feel like I'm starting to finally get a handle on what I'm good at and what I need improving on. This was a ton of fun to write because it pushed me to my limits (in a good way), even if this "speedwrite" is over 5000 words long!

I hope you all enjoy!



He was in heaven. 

	Verdori purred as he leapt from cloud to cloud, the loosely compacted puffs of water molecules somehow able to support his weight. The massive green dragon felt himself sink into the white puffballs as if they were pillows, purring softly the ground yielded beneath his powerful feet. The cool air blew across his body, causing him to let out a sigh of pleasure. This was bliss, he thought to himself as he continued down the cloudy path, swishing his tail about playfully. 

	As he hopped onto the next cloud top, Verdori was greeted with a very unusual sight. At first, he assumed a flock of doves were flying towards him, which in itself was somewhat surprising given the drake’s foreboding stature; However, upon closer inspection, Verdori was shocked to see they were actually a flock of angels gliding down towards him, each bearing joyful grins as they held a mysterious gold liquid in their arms. 

	And it smelled delicious.

	Licking his chops, Verdori grinned back as he started playfully leaping after the angels, a puffy cloud magically appearing at his feet wherever he jumped. As soon as he approached the first angel, she giggled playfully and tossed the bowl into his maw and watched as the dragon’s slitted eyes glazed over in pure bliss. Smacking his lips, Verdori swiftly bounded after the next angel that came into sight, followed by the next one, and then the next, his greed growing with every taste of nectar he obtained. It was superb, splendid, heavenly, and then some. The dragon let out a puff of steam everytime he caught sight of his next bowl, his body heating up with excitement at the thought of tasting more of that unexplainably-delicious nectar. 

	“Verdori.”

	The dragon watched as one of the angels playfully descended upon his muzzle, her beautiful white wings fluttering softly.

	“Verdorrrrrri.

	She smiled softly and stared into the drake’s massive green eyes with her own, caressing his scaly cheeks lovingly… before gripping them tightly and head butting the drake right in the forehead.

	“Verdori, for god’s sake, wake the hell up already!!” 

	Verdori yelped as he suddenly stumbled back, throwing off the angel from his muzzle as his dream world quickly melted away. Rolling on his back, the dragon panted noisily as he recollected his bearings, tufts of steam billowing from his open maw.

	He wasn’t miles above the sky, dancing along the clouds and sipping nectar from the palms of angels like he thought. Instead, he was sitting in his dark and rocky cave, a slight bruise forming on his forehead where the “angel” had head butted him. Said angel slowly drew to his feet after being throw off, his blond hair and black fur a complete mess. “Ugh, man. If you’d have just woken up the first time I called for you, I wouldn’t have to keep punching your stupid face,” the draolf groaned, flapping his wings to help boost himself upright. 

	Verdori snorted, jets of steam spewing from his nostrils. “And if you’d just let me sleep, like I’ve asked you numerous times before, I wouldn’t have to keep bucking you off!” With a grunt, he attempted to heave himself upright before flopping back onto his back with a heavy thump. Noticeably upset, the drake decided to roll onto his side before rising back onto all fours, panting softly from the effort. “What do you want this time, Denya?”

	Remembering his reason for coming to Verdori’s cave, Denya beamed happily as he bounded over to the dragon, patting his snout playfully. “You promised today that you’d go check out the city with me!”

	“I-I made no such promise!” Verdori glowered, lowering his head slightly. Truth was, he was secretly hoping Denya would forget about taking him, seeing as how the draolf’s attention span was comparable with most squirrels. Feral squirrels. 

	However, he didn’t realize how adamant Denya was in taking him to the city, the anthro draolf wagging his lengthy tail excitedly as he bounced around on Verdori’s claws. “Don’t lie to me now, I remember you clearly saying how excited you were to go with me last week right after you threw me out of your cave.”

	“That was sarcasm,” Verdori grumbled, trying to shake off the intruder. 

	Unfortunately, the draolf continued to cling to his padded scales as he surmounted the laying dragon, poking at his plated back. “C’mon, let’s just go already! We all know you need the exercise,” he smirked, grabbing a pawful of excess pudge and shaking it. 

	As much as he didn’t want to admit it, Verdori had to admit he had a point. The dragon preferred to spend his days lounging and lazing around, occasionally rising just to hunt down a few unsuspecting deer. While most drakes have a more active lifestyle which includes actively patrolling their territory and chasing down their pray, Verdori took a more sedimentary approach in the fact that he hardly moves from his cave. In fact, he managed his own unique hunting style of spraying massive clouds of steam at his prey, startling and confusing them while he lumbered over to gobble them up. 

	Naturally, such a passive lifestyle led to a rather pudgy dragon. Even with a relatively short shoulder height of 7 feet, Verdori weighed as much as any dragon almost twice that height. His sturdy legs were as thick as tree trunks that wobbled with every ground-shaking step he took on the rare days he actually decided to walk. Thick creases formed in his sides from where he sat, a roll of belly pudge coating most of his forelegs. Even his back, which had been adjusted with a thick metal “spine” to help vent out excess steam, was starting to wrap around the metal cylinder. In short, years of sleeping and eating had culminated with a very fat dragon.

	It was only on very rare occasions that Verdori ever regretted his life style: being unable to escape from a very annoying draolf being one of them. “Can’t we go another time? I, uh, have to clean my spine before it rusts,” he explained, leaning his head back to scratch at the metallic device with his horns. 

	“That’s easy! We can just push you through a car wash! I know one that can fit an entire R.V, so it might be able to fit you,” Denya snickered, sliding down onto the drake’s soft belly folds. 

	“W-well, how do I know you people would accept me? Your anthros used to invade our homes and slaughter us for the sake of sport, after all.”

	“Dude, that was literally a millennia ago! If furs now-a-days can get away with being trigendered, then I’m sure they’ll accept a giant dragon. The worst that can happen is everyone mistakes you for a bounce house.”

	Verdori grimaced noticeably, clenching his teeth tightly. He was tempted to thwack the draolf with his meaty tail again like he had done so many times before, but couldn’t bring himself to do it. Not out of concern for Denya’s health, mind you, only because he barely felt the motivation to even stand up. “Forget it. I never intend on visiting such a rotten city, not now nor ever. I don’t take too kindly to being ogled at. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a nap to finish.” And with that, he tucked his legs beneath his soft stomach and lowered his head.

	With a sigh, Denya shifted his way by Verdori’s chubby face, annoyed that he had to resort to his trump card. “What if I told you there was free food?”

	An eye shot wide open, a sure sign the dragon was interested. “Free food, you say?”

	“More than you can eat,” the draolf continued, patting Verdori’s flabby cheeks. “You see, us anthros are a wasteful bunch. There are millions of establishments that sell any and all sorts of cuisine throughout the city. At the end of the day, anything that isn’t sold is thrown away, packed inside giant black bags and sent far away into what is colloquially known as the dump. The bowling alley alone throws out my weight’s worth of nachos every night! Aren’t you just the tiniest bit envious that we have too much food and no way to dispose of it?”

	At this point, Denya could practically feel the dragon’s heart rate rising, a tuft of steam billowing from his spine. Even so, Verdori made an attempt to at least appear uninterested. “S-so what, like I’d want to eat something that no one else would. I’d earn even more attention if I came into this city just to eat unwanted ‘nah shows’ anyways.”

	“Ummm…” the draolf leaned against Verdori’s fleshy neck, scrambling to think of an answer. “Alright fine. We’ll go at night so you can try some thrown out nachos. Once you realize how delicious they are, you’ll beg me to take you in again in the morning, so you can try them fresh. How does that sound?”

	“Fine, it’s a deal. Wake me up when it’s evening,” Verdori snorted, flicking the draolf from his neck like a tick. By the time he recovered from the blow, the dragon was already fast asleep. 


	“I’m… not so sure about this anymore,” Verdori stammered as the city started coming into view, his lumbering waddle slowly winding into a halt. “Are you sure the anthros won’t start attacking me on sight?”

	“Just shut up and keep walking, you’ll see for yourself,” Denya snorted, a paw cupped over blackened eye. Unfortunately, he had been subjected to shaking the flabby dragon awake again, as well as the consequences of doing so. For starters, hitting his head against the rock when Verdori spat enough steam at him to send the smaller draolf flying into the cave wall, followed by rousing the enormously lazy drake onto his pudgy feet, and finally concluding in helping to push him out of the cave. By the time that was done with, the sky had already turned from a rosy red to a pitch black, leaving Verdori’s glowing green spine the only source of light. Of course, it was still difficult to gauge the dragon’s exact position. On more than one occasion, Denya had stepped a little too close, which resulted in him getting pummeled by the drake’s swinging stomach. He had already put in far too much effort just getting Verdori moving to back down now. “I’m starting to realize why anthros don’t get along with dragons very well.”

	“What was that?”

	“Nothing!”

	Three times, Verdori attempted to back out of his promise, and three times Denya was there to steer him back with the promise of food. Even so, Verdori still held his doubts as the grass beneath him gave way to hard concrete, the city’s lights starting to drown out the stars above. With growing anxiety, the dragon slowly stepped foot into the city, quivering and shivering in fear. He had always been a large being, yet at the moment he felt positively dwarfed by the high-rise buildings before him. Verdori wanted to turn and run every time he saw a car’s headlights, something which amused the draolf greatly, appropriately comparing him to an elephant afraid of a mouse. In any case, Verdori clung to the sidewalk as much as his bulk would allow him, even if it meant rubbing against the buildings to fit. 

	Just when Verdori felt he was about to have a meltdown, Denya brought the frightened dragon through an alleyway, mumbling something about approaching their destination. It was a tight squeeze, to say the least, yet Verdori managed to pull through, his blubber grinding against the two buildings quite heavily. Frankly, he was relieved to finally crawl out from the open, perfectly happy with staying hidden behind the towering houses  beside him. 

	“C’mon, Verd, we’re almost there! It’s literally right around the corner!” Denya grunted, grabbing the frightened animal’s chubby paws and pulling as hard as he could. 

	Verdori trembled and shook his head. “I-it’s fine, I wanna stay here. It’s cozy.”

	“No you don’t, you stupid elephant. What are you gonna do tomorrow morning when everyone wakes up to see a fatass dragon filling up the alley?

	“… I’ll take my chances.”

	“Verd, oh my god, I am this close to getting a bulldozer and pushing you through myself!”

	“… Please don’t.”

	“Then pull out your tail from beneath your giant gut and move! I promise, once this is done, I’ll never bother you again for the rest of your life!”

	Verdori continued to stare at Denya like the frightened animal he was, shivering in an almost adorable manner. Just when the draolf thought he had broken the poor creature, Verdori shuffled slightly and started wiggling his way through again. After a few good pushes the dragon was out, his body now box-shaped after being cramped for so long. “Where’s the ‘nah shows?”

	Denya beamed and gestured behind him. “You’re looking at ‘em!”

	Lowering his head timidly, Verdori slowly advanced towards the dumpster next to Denya, pressing his fat belly against the ground in an attempt to remain stealthy. After this stressful night, he didn’t know what was inside the large container. It could be another one of those horrible cars, lying inside in preparation for an ambush! Gulping softly, Verdori slowly nudged the lid off the dumpster, peering his head inside to find… “What’s this?”

	“Nachos, like I told you.” 

	Verdori tilted his head, thick creases forming on his pudgy neck. These strange yellow triangles stuck to orange goop were supposed to be the nachos he so horribly feared? “Why isn’t it running away?”

	“Because it’s not alive, Verd. Just think of it like a plant or something.”

	With the dragon’s equivalent of a shrug, Verdori lowered his head into the container and sniffed the goop, his nose overwhelmed with a very strange, yet somehow familiar scent. Despite this, he couldn’t help but stick his tongue out and lick one of the orange chips.

	And before he knew what he was doing, Verdori lunged forward for a big mouthful! He moaned as he chewed on the cheesy chips, wisps of steam ejecting from his spine. No wonder the nachos looked so familiar, they were the very same substance as the necter he enjoyed in his dream! Except this was reality, and he could finally put into words just how delectable the nachos were! The salty, wheaty  goodness of the chips crunching in his jaws, augmented by the thick, gooey cheese that melted in his mouth. Oh, it was all so good, and he couldn’t get enough of it! Like an eating machine, Verdori pressed his head into the container and inhaled the rest of the nachos, swallowing pounds and pounds of the greasy food like it was nothing.

	“Hah! I told you they were good!” Denya exclaimed, his words falling on deaf ears. Verdori was back in his dream, but instead of chasing down angels for tastes of the heavenly nectar, there was a giant bowl for him right there! It was only when his tongue started pressing against the bottom of the dumpster did the dragon finally snap back into reality. 

	“J-jeeze, Verdy, haven’t you heard of savoring your meal?” the draolf muttered, eyeing the dragon’s swollen paunch. “Fitting through that alley isn’t gonna be easy anymore, bud. I just wanted you to taste it, not eat everything!”

	“…More.”

	“Excuse me?” Denya frowned, unable to properly hear the dragon with his head stuck in the dumpster. After a good tug, however, Verdy managed to pry his head free, cheese and chips plastered onto his tubby cheeks. 

	“Where is more?”

	“More of what, exactly? I mean, if you’re still hungry, there’s a Dunkin Donuts two blocks down that you can try, but-“

	He never got to finish that word as Verdori rushed past him, squeezing his way through the alley quickly despite the swollen paunch. Momentarily stunned, Denya waited until the dragon made his way through before sprinting after him, a knot forming in his stomach. “Oh boy, what have I done?”

	By the time Denya caught up to Verdori, he knew it was too late. The pudgy dragon’s head was crammed in another dumpster; loud smacking could be heard from within as he guzzled down hundreds of donuts in seconds. The draolf knew that Verdori didn’t eat more than he needed to, despite his large stomach detailing otherwise, so seeing the drake make a pig out himself was truly unorthodox. Denya was starting to wonder where Verdori even put it all, although the answer was very obvious. 

	The draogn’s green gut steadily swelled as he inhaled his next meal, the ball of lard slowly descending to his knees. It was like watching a balloon inflate right before his eyes, starting off soft and supple before growing rounder and tighter. Just as it started pressing against his thighs, Verdori lifted his plump face from the bin and shoved it into the next one, repeating the process yet again. “V-verd, that’s enough! Your gonna get a stomachache if you keep this up!” Denya tried pleading, running over to the gluttonous drake and shoving his palm into the swollen dome of a belly. “How are you gonna fit in your cave once you finish digesting all those calories? Hell, you won’t be able to walk near any cave without causing a cave in! I know you like to sleep a lot and all, but you reaaaaally should take up jogging once this is all over.”

	Without even sparing a passing glance, Verdori jerked his head from the dumpster and sprinted off yet again, sprinkles coating his cheesy muzzle. At first, Denya assumed that the massive drake had actually listened to his advice, but that assumption quickly went out the window as he heard noisy smacking from across the street. With a sigh, the draolf slowly walked after the dragon, realizing that this was the beginning of a very long night. 

	Verdori, however was on cloud 9! He had no idea the city’s food was so intoxicatingly delicious! No matter where he ran, his sensitive snout picked up the scents of tasty snacks all around him that seemed to multiply as the night went on! It was a game of hide and seek, one which the dragon would only come out as a victor. Dumpster after dumpster had their contents drained, and Verdori was showing no signs of slowing down, even as his legs starting digging into his massive middle. Yet as time wore on, the dragon was subjected to a rather unexpected change. 

	Even in his eating spree, Verdori noticed the growing effort it took to squeeze his plump head into the dumpster, restricting his movements quite a bit. On one occasion, it grew so bad that he ended up with the lid of the dumpster stuck to his flabby neck like some sort of cursed necklace. So obsessed he was with his quest for junk food that Verdori didn’t even notice the amount of flab he had been packing on. 

	His enormous stomach continuously grumbled and churned throughout the night, struggling to digest so much greasy food into pure lard. His bright green eyes were completely fogged over, his vision constantly blurring between reality and fiction. Even with his stomach stuffed full of junk food, Verdori still found the urge to hunt for more, ignoring the pleading cries his overfilled belly made. Just then, the obese drake’s sensitive snout picked up the scent of a massive clump of food, far bigger than the meager mouthfuls he had consumed before. And it was on the move, no less. Licking his stained chops, the massive dragon slowly waddled to the street, on the prowl for some angel food. 


	“Oh come on! Not another red light!” The portly raccoon growled as his truck screeched to a halt, the driver inside fuming silently with rage. It was the dead of night, with literally no other vehicles around save for a few other vehicles doing night time deliveries, and the only thing keeping him from finishing the job and taking a well-deserved nap was a single red light flickering above him. What made it all the more infuriating was how there was no other traffic on the street perpendicular to his, not even a bike. Had he not been the model truck driver he was, he would have certainly ignored the red light and continued on, but a guilty conscience and a long list of previous driving violations kept him rooted on the spot. 

	With a sigh, the potbellied raccoon slumped back in his chest, his paw resting on his gut as he flicked open his smart phone, casually browsing Twitter while he waited for the light to turn green. “Pfft, this site is so dumb nowadays,” he remarked, lazily scratching his goatee before remembering the warm cup of cocoa he picked up at a McDonalds a half hour ago. While most of the heat surely radiated away, the raccoon was in need of something to do as the seconds ticked by, and watching furs make idiots of themselves for internet fame certainly didn’t help his mood. With a sigh, the coon tossed his phone to the passenger seat and leaned forward to pick up his cup.

	Only to notice the ripples forming along the rim.

	The truck driver paused as he stared at the coffee, curious as to how the small waves were forming. At first, he figured it could have been the truck engine’s soft humming, yet if that was the case, he would have noticed the ripples long ago when he first bought the drink. Even if it was the engine, surely the drink’s ripples would be constant. Instead, the coffee rippled in small bursts, with each burst taking place five seconds apart from each other.

	And with each burst, the ripples grew more and more intense.

	Just then, the raccoon was aware of a sudden shaking behind his vehicle, the poor fur’s heartbeat accelerating rapidly. Trembling all over, the truck driver slowly turned his head towards the mirror, where a horrifying sight almost made the driver collapse on the spot!

	Never had the words “Object in mirror are closer than they appear” been more terrifying in the raccoon’s life as they were now, for within the mirror stood an enormously fat green creature, eyeing his truck the same way he eyed his morning donuts. The monster slowly waddled it’s gigantic bulk forward, its claws sinking into the pavement like play dough while its bulk rippled and jiggled with every step it took. Frankly, the raccoon was surprised that something with a stomach that pressed against the ground could still waddle at all, which only alarmed him even more when he realized just how strong the creature had to be in order to remain mobile! Its arms and legs were burdened with untold layers of lard, rolling down his limbs and squishing into its ponderous pudge, forcing its gait into a very awkward waddle. At first, the raccoon assumed the monster to be almost 20 feet high, seeing as how its glowing green spine was the only major source of light around. However, when he noticed its plump head much lower to the ground (as well as a strange rectangular object wedged in its neck folds… was that a dumpster lid?) did he realize that the creature was, in fact, simply really really fat.

	The driver may have found this situation almost comical had Verdori decided not to suddenly tense up and charge forward yet again, shaking the ground with his gait! With a gasp, the raccoon quickly shifted the truck into drive, yet found himself stuck as the dragon pounced on the hitch. The wheels let out a loud screeching sound as they grinded against the pavement, the driver’s shirt damp with sweat as he pressed all his weight into the gas pedal. All the while, he could hear the sounds of metal scraping apart as the dragon tore into his supplies, no doubt trying to eat the copious amount of raw hotdogs inside. Just when the raccoon felt he was about to meet the same fate as those hotdogs, the truck suddenly lurched forward, finally free of the hitch. Not sure how that happened, the raccoon sped off in a streak of adrenaline-fueled hysteria, promising himself to find a new job as he drove away from the hungry dragon. 

	With the noisy truck finally gone, Verdori was free to binge on the massive stacks of hotdogs in peace, the enormous dragon warbling with glee as he gobbled down 20 in one swallow. With his mind completely severed from reality, Verdori was free to enjoy his lovely fantasy. He only saw what he wanted to see, and that was the sight of dozens of angels congratulating him on a job well done as he devoured his rewarding meal. He was vaguely aware of a constricting object around his neck growing tighter as he ate, but swiftly ignored it to instead focus on eating his meal. It was a massive haul, to say the least, capable of satisfying a normal all day, but this was Verdori we’re talking about here. Even now, as he finished off the last of the hotdogs, the enormous butterball of a dragon slowly stood back upright and continued his little game of hide and seek. It didn’t matter to him that his cheeks were starting to impede his vision, or that his legs had to swing around his bloated gut even more. Verdori continued to hunt throughout the night, waddling after truck, after truck, after angel, after angel…



	“Verdoooooooori!”

	No response. 

	“C’mon, Verdori. It’s time to wake up!”

	The drake grunted and shut his eyes tighter, vaguely aware of the draolf standing right before his head. Can’t a dragon ever get some peace and quiet around here?

	Just then, Verdori’s nostrils dilated as he smelled something salty and greasy being waved in front of his nose. Purring softly, he struck his tongue out and snatched the corndog from Denya’s paw, swallowing it in one gulp. The greasy texture, the vibrant flavors, all of which reminded the dragon of his pleasant dream last night. Perhaps he was still enjoying the dream, and he would wake up to more angels ready to feed him? With a grin, Verdori’s eyes slowly flickered open as he greeted the sight before him, realizing very quickly that this was no dream.

	It was a nightmare.

	Hundreds upon hundreds of anthros stood gathered before him, staring at the colossal drake before them with shock and awe. The crowd stretched on as far as the dragon could see, causing the bashful reptile to blush bright red, bursts of steam ejecting from his spine. Interestingly enough, the anthros all looked much smaller than he thought they would be. So many questions erupted within the dragon’s mind, such as “why are they all staring at me?” and “why do I feel so sluggish and lethargic” and even “why do I still smell so much grease and salt?” 

	Just one glance down at himself answered everything. Verdori was gigantic! He was immense, a blob, humongous, Draconis Majoris! The bright green ground he thought was part of the landscape was actually just a fragment of his enormous rolling gut, folds upon folds of green scales stacked atop of one another. His limbs were completely buried within his bulbous flanks, with only his useless claws visible. His tail was just another massive mound of lard behind a larger mound of lard, heavy and useless even as dozens of furs clambered around the spherical appendage. Verdori could barely see the tip of his stubby muzzle behind the thick spherical cheeks that rubbed against it like overexcited waterballons, his neck far too bloated to allow any sort of movement. Even the lid of the dumpster that was wedged behind his head was completely buried behind his numerous neck folds, the metal sheet dented beyond recognition as it struggled and failed to hold back the surge of dragon pudge. 

	“Mrrrf, what BWARP happened last HIC night?” Verdori managed to grumble, the act of moving his maw a hassle. 

	Fortunatly, Denya was there to explain to the tubby mountain last night’s events, the draolf smiling as he used Verdori’s cheek like a beanbag chair. “Oh, where do I even start, tubbo? You completely abandoned me last night to go chase down dumpsters and trucks for food! Every time I caught a glance of you you were several feet wider than before!”

	“Oh, god…” Verdori groaned, the thought of eating so much junk turning his fat face even greener.

	“Oh, but it gets better!” Denya grinned, clearing enjoying himself as he sunk into the thick folds. “After the fifth truck, you managed to find the dump right outside of town! It’s a shame, because you were veeeeery close to the edge of mobility at that point. Had you decided to eat another truck, I bet you woulda been breached at the spot. At least that way we coulda rolled you back to the forest with some bulldozers, but sadly, that wasn’t the case. When you waddled into the dump, you set your fatass down right in the middle and just. Ate. Everything!”

	“Everything…?” Verdori looked ready to hurl, his mass quivering quite violent from the movements, forcing Denya to cling tightly. 

	“Easy there, bud. Most of it was edible, so you’re good. Eitherways, while you were making a pig of yourself, I ran down to the Sheriff’s office to explain the situation. After some debating, we worked out a solution on how you can repay the city for, uh, property damage.”

	At this point, Verdori was trembling even more violently than usual, his green face now turning a shade paler. “Y-you’re not gonna eat me, a-are you?” he whimpered, hiding his fat head behind the thick rolls of neck.

	“No, don’t be silly! We’re using you as waste management!” Denya smirked, booping Verdori’s nose before using the dragon’s multiple chins as a ladder to climb down. “From all the damage you’ve done, you’ve got about a month’s work to do before you’re finished, so I suggest you start now!”

	“H-how?” Verdori asked, feeling incredibly useless and vulnerable at the moment, before noticing something moving before him. What looked to him like a giant mechanical yellow hand starting moving below him, operated by a familiar looking raccoon… at least, he thought it was a raccoon. It was rather hard to see from his elevation. What he did see, however, was the massive hand rising to his muzzle, full of those very same nachos he went crazy for last night!

	Verdori blinked and stared at the junk food pressing against his muzzle, knowing for a fact that just eating more would make his situation all the more permanent. And yet, knowing full well what the consequences were, he opened wide and started eating away at the pile of food presented before him. He was quite the lazy dragon, after all.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/22346993/