My late part of a trade with  toon-dragon with one of his characters, Pox, is immobilzed by a brownie from hell and is force fed by his friend Angel, an angelic dragon. also theres some diapers and baby talk... just warning you ._.

“Wait, you mean it? You think you found a way to get my memory back?”
“You bet! Get your lizard butt over here and let’s find out!” 

Pox slammed the phone down and rushed outside, heading for apartment room 2C. Pox is a 5’ 4” blue lizard with red spots running down his back and one large red spot where his belly button is. The skinny blue lizard lost his memories quite some time ago in a way that he doesn’t even know when or how. All Pox knows is that one day, he woke up knowing only how to walk and talk. Several friends, including Angel, took him in to help get his life back while trying in vain to regain his lost memory. Nothing seemed to work, and the longer they tried, the more irritated and desperate Pox grew. When will he get his precious past back? The blue lizard often got calls like this from his friends, claiming to figure out how to get his memory back but ultimately failing. Because of these experiences, Pox hoped for the best while preparing for the worst.
Pounding on Angel’s door, Pox waited impatiently, both because of his excitement over getting his memories back and to get this over with incase it failed. Soon, Angel came to the door and greeted Pox, her face smiling brightly as usual. Angel was always known for her cheery attitude and bright personality. The pink Angel dragon (a dragon with wings looking like an Angel’s) let her friend in and gave a quick hug. 
“How you feeling bud?” Angel asked, her wings fluttering in excitement, as if they could pick up on Pox’s energy. 
“Forgetful, like usual, what’s the plan?” Pox quickly replied, his almost-usual response to that question. 
“Alright alright, calm down little one,” Angel replied with a smirk, despite Pox being a few inches taller than her. “The first step to my ultra-cool amazing awesome gnarly memory getter-backer is to eat a brownie,” Angel gave the cutest smile she could, offering a brownie from a tray.
Furrowing his brow, the spotted lizard swept his gaze from the brownies to Angel. “Is this a joke? I thought you were serious!” 
Angel giggled at patted the frustrated lizard’s head as if he told a cute joke. “Oh come on. I went through all the trouble of coming up with a way to finally get your memory back and you repay me by yelling? At least take a bite before you criticize me.”  Pox narrowed his eyes at Angel, as if expecting a trick to appear, such as the brownie exploding in his mouth. Slowly taking the chocolaty treat, he took a small bite, not quite expecting the brownie to taste so good. So warm and gooey it practically slides down his throat, not even needing milk! That’s the best compliment a brownie could receive! Angel, noting Pox’s facial expression of pure bliss, beamed brightly and blushed slightly. 
“Now THAT is a response I’ll accept. C’mon, let’s get started.” The pink Angelic Dragon skipped happily into her living room with Pox, still licking his fingers, following. Once in the living room, Pox’s face went from excitement and optimistic back down to disappointed.
“Where’s your memory getter-backer thing you said you had? All I see is a chair in the middle of a room!” 
	“Calm down, little one, this IS the memory getter-backer! I’ve noticed that, whenever you think hard, you always pace around in a little circle. So I figured if you had some sugar to help move you around, you could just walk around in a little circle and maybe something might pop up.” Before protesting, the blue and red lizard froze for a second, realizing she DID have a point. Pox remembers all those countless hours he spent walking back and forth, trying to recover his memory. Sometimes, he would get a brief vision, sometimes something short and simple like him watching TV as a child. Sure enough, the sugar from the brownie started clearing his thoughts, making thinking much easier than before. Perhaps this just might work! Immediately, Pox started to pace around the chair, his chin resting against his temple as the blue and red lizard spoke his thoughts.
	“Hmmmm… try to think back, Pox. You can do this. Think back before you lost everything. Dang that brownie was delicious! No, stop it Pox! Keep focusing…. Alright I’m starting to get a vision I think! I remember my old house, somewhere a lot like this place. Yeah! And there was a chair just like this chair! And a… oh what am I saying? The place I’m thinking of IS this place! I’m so clueless… Phew, for some reason it’s getting harder to move, like I’m walking underwater. Weird. Guess it’s time to work out more. But back to thinking… Why is my right leg falling asleep? Better try and shake it off…. And now my left leg is falling asleep! What’s happening?”
	To Pox’s horror, his limbs started to move slower and slower as he lost feeling to them. Using the last of his strength, he made a desperate attempt to dash out the door, but fell short when his legs suddenly collapsed from under him. The blue and red lizard fell to the ground with an “Umf!” his limbs no longer responding. Lying face down, Pox heard the sound of Angel giggling behind him. Using her foot to roll Pox onto his back, the mischievous Angelic Dragon grinned triumphantly, looking like a lion successful at taking down her pray.
	“Heeheehee, what’s wrong Pox? You look tired” Angel said cheerfully, sounding completely innocent.
	“You drugged me! I can’t move my body!” Pox screamed in both shock and anger.

	“Oh, hush up silly. That’s a lame excuse for why you decided to try and take a nap on my floor. Perhaps that brownie didn’t give you enough energy. Wait right there while I fix that!”
	Pox growled loudly in frustration as he stared at the ceiling, knowing that no amount of struggling will get him out of this situation. As he strained his ears, the red and blue lizard heard the sound of several trollies’ tired squeaking as they rolled in next to him, the aroma coming from the food filling the air, making the entire apartment smell like a bakery. Pox’s stomach sunk like a brick in water after realizing what Angel planned on doing.
	“No way! You’re gonna try to get me fat! You know how much I hate fat!” Angel continued to hum as she skipped her way over to Pox’s legs, fitting on a large, stretchy diaper onto the poor lizard’s middle. “Teehee, I don’t know what you mean. All I see is a poor, skinny lizard who is so hungry he can’t even lift a finger!” Before Pox could protest further, a large, jelly filled donut was jammed into his maw, some of the jelly squishing around his lips. At first, the blue and red lizard tried spitting out the fattening pastry, but somehow, he couldn’t get himself to spit it out, as if specific muscles in his mouth were paralyzed just like his arms and legs. With no other choice, Pox chewed softly on the donut and swallowed, licking the jelly off his lips. 
	“Teehee, did the little baby lizard like his treat?” Angel said in a babyish voice, mocking her diapered prisoner.
	“You shoved an entire donut into my friggin mouth! What do you think?” Pox angrily replied, a vein throbbing in his temple. 
	“Oh hush, you’re just cranky because you didn’t get enough. Oh well I always have more food.” Angel giggled, reaching for another donut.
	“W-wait! I just said I- mmmph!!” Pox’s pleads were again cut short as yet another pastry found its way into his mouth. Just like the last one, the trapped lizard had no choice but to swallow it down. As soon as he swallowed, however, Pox was rewarded with yet another donut, and another, and another. To Pox’s horror, the once svelte lizard’s belly went from flat to tubby, a gut slowly starting to form on his middle. Noticing this, Angel smiled wider than usual and started stroking the poor lizard’s gut.
 	“Looks like someone is finally bulking up! Better keep eating, though. From the looks of it, you’re still too skinny to move!” Without hesitation, Angel began a relentless feeding frenzy, stuffing Pox’s mouth with as many different types of food she could lay her paws on. Pox groaned with distress, his small gut distending itself further as the desserts piled into him. The fattening lizard’s stomach gave a loud growl from the large amount of pastries making their home inside of him, forcing his metabolism to crash and his digestion to sky rocket. As pox continued to eat, his body continued to thicken with more layers of fat, his arms and legs were swelling out very slowly, his cheeks starting to round out and stick out from his head, Pox’s beer gut turning into a chubby belly, complete with a small set of moobs resting on top. Pox growled as a large cup cake was crammed into him, feeling his corpulent bottom beginning to squish against the ground, his diaper starting to fill out much more. Without warning, Angel shoved one more brownie into her fattening captive before lying horizontally on Pox’s belly.
	“Now that’s a healthier looking lizard! You must weigh nearly 300 pounds.” Pox blushed with embarrassment as the ecstatic angelic dragon started to knead and jiggles his tubby frame, her paws sinking into his flesh like a pillow, waves of fat rippling across all over his body. Angel smiled and looked down on her fat lizard. “But you are still so skinny! I can’t imagine how you can go on being so thin! A growing lizard like you needs food! Lots and lots of food!” Pox stared at Angel as if she had completely lost it, his chubby facial features making him look very comical. How does Angle think he’s skinny? Pox is looking more and more like a baby hippo and Angel has the THOUGHT to think he is skinny? Before he could contemplate on that logic more, Pox felt his head being lifted up and rested gently on Angle’s lap. 
	“D’aaaaaw! You’re chubby face is adorable!” Pox furrowed his brown yet again. How did he go from skinny to chubby in 5 seconds? Soon, the tubby lizard’s maw was forced open yet again as several homemade cookies were crammed into his maw. Sighing, Pox went back to eating and eating again, watching as his stomach continued to slowly rise higher and higher like rising yeast, his sides wide enough to take up two seats on an airplane. The fattening lizard whimpered softly, a large cake pressed against his chubby muzzle, getting frosting all over his fist-sized cheeks. However, something about it was rather…calming. Maybe it was the way Angel would hum gently, rubbing the fat lizard’s head softly whilst the angelic dragon quickly but gently fed him fattening treats. Reaching with his tree trunk-think leg, Pox felt his diaper crinkle loudly, getting strained to its limits as his blue scaled mattress-sized belly struggled to be contained inside….
	“Wait I can move? I can talk?!?” With surprising agility, Pox leaned forward and quickly got to his feet, examining his fat body. Looking down, Pox’s jaw dropped, squishing his multiple chins. The obese lizard gained an incredible 700 pounds, his fattened tail looking smaller as his humongous bottom and abundant back rolls swallowed it up. Pox’s belly was a marvel of its own, in a constant shake of sloshing and jiggling, as if an invisible force continued to wiggle his corpulent figure. Despite this amazing size transformation, however, Pox’s belly diaper stayed in place, stretched out close to its limits. Recovering from the initial shock, the elephantine lizard noticed nothing standing in his way between himself and the open door. Pox lifted his right foot (quite an effort, considering it felt like it was made of metal Jell-O) and took a step forward, shaking the entire ground, his belly sloshing as if that same invisible force just cannon-ball’d into his ocean-like gut. Sweat beaded the fat lizard’s fore head after the second step. The third step forced Pox to pant, his tongue sticking out the side of his maw. The fourth was a very awkward step, forcing the fatty lizard to stumble a little and jiggle more, as if the invisible force brought his friends over and had a pool party on Pox’s stomach. Unfortunately, there was no fifth step, as Pox collapsed on the floor, panting heavily, his humongous belly bouncing up and down. 
	“Awwww, looks like the poor chubby lizard got too tired to walk out of here. All that exercise must have made you worked up an appetite, huh you pudgy wudgy lizard?” Angel spoke with that same demonic baby talk as she skipped over to her overweight lizard. “what are you talking about? I’m friggin’ huge! I must make a whale look like a skeleton with all this blubber!” Pox exclaimed, grabbing one of his belly rolls and jiggling it to prove his point. Before he could continue the argument, Pox was, yet again, forced into eating more and more pastries as possible. The morbidly obese lizard’s stomach churned and grumbled as it turned more food into fat and distributing it evenly around Pox’s body, his cheeks nearly as big as his head was earlier, another roll gained on his back fat. However, as Pox had noticed, his belly stopped growing. Instead, the diaper continued to crinkle more and more, a tight and heavy feeling forming inside his gut.
	“Please *belch* Stop! I feel like *burp* like I’m gonna ex- *hic* explode!” Pox said out of desperation before he was greeted with another messy cup cake. “Heehee, calm down little one, of course I’ll feed you more!” Pox yelped as the food came flying into him faster, his limbs starting to swell as if a hose was pumping in pure lard, his muzzle looking short and stubby compared to his massive cheeks and increasing number of chins. His belly, however, continued to stay mattress sized while the heavy feeling increased more and more, his diaper starting to make small tearing noises. Finally, after eating Pox’s 55th donut, the diaper ripped off of his humongous body, his belly exploding out, washing over him like a sea of fat, still growing and rising like water being poured into a basin. As quickly as it had started, the blob of a lizard’s stomach stopped rising, sloshing and moving around like it has a mind of its own, the sloshing noise echoing across the entire apartment. From the feel alone, Pox guessed himself to weigh over a ton of pure lizard lard. “oof!” Angel leaped right onto that large blue belly, sinking into the folds like she was sitting on a bean bag chair bigger than a king sized bed. 
“Heheh… Sorry about tricking you to coming over here, Pox. Ever since Toon disappeared, I haven’t been able to play with anyone, and knowing how much you hate fat, I kinda had to … trick you. Perhaps that wasn’t the nicest thing of me.” Angel thought she say Pox give her a “you think?” look, but it was hard to tell; his massive cheeks got in the way of making a distinct facial feature. “Well, to make up for it, I’m willing to let you do anything you want until you lose all your weight! Aren’t I just the sweetest.” This time, Angel could definitely tell Pox was making a “ya right!” face, despite the large cheeks. “So, uh, is there anything I can get you bud?” The obese lizard held a paw to his chin, unwittingly burying it between chin #3 and #4, before replying back sarcastically. “A salad would be nice”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9441129/