An art trade done for the talented  Tlme featuring two of her character's, two wolves named Ellie and Samm, tricking a poor grey dog, Travis, into becoming a monumental fatty. This is waaaaay overdue and I'm really sorry for that X3 

...I write a lot about canines and dragons, I think I'll have a tiger in my next story :3



	Ellie hummed happily as she poured the pancake batter onto the frying pan, smiling as she heard the substance hiss, the underside slowly turning from cream colored to golden brown. Ever since she was a puppy, the gentle wolf loved to make pancake’s, not just for the flavor or the actual baking process, but because Ellie was told her fur was cream colored, just like the batter. Being blind, Ellie had to rely on her sense of feel and what others had told her about the world around her, such as “There’s a funny family fighting a few feet ahead of us” or “Wow, the beach water sure is calm today” or “Gosh that dog is fat!” That last phrase that went through Ellie’s head caused the cream wolf’s tail to wag, remembering the purpose of cooking all this food.

	The cream colored wolf’s ears perked up when she heard a scraping noise, followed by a couple quiet grunts as her friend started pulling a large object into the nearby dining room. “Whatcha doing over there, dude?” Ellie asked Samm as he pulled a large, wide, flat object covered in a large white sheet into the back of the kitchen, making it face the table. Samm was a female to male transgender black wolf, and while she liked to call himself a he, Samm found it slightly embarrassing how awkwardly Ellie occasionally called her “dude.” “Don’t act like you don’t know, silly.” The black wolf said to Ellie, who was working on another batch of pancakes, adding blueberries into the mix this time. “Behold!” Samm exclaimed as he threw off the sheet, ignoring the fact that Ellie couldn’t see. 

	A large mirror, bordered by a fancy golden design, was revealed from under the white sheet, its color complementing the emerald green room quite nicely. “Amazing, isn’t it? It cost me a fortune to find one that actually works.” Walking away from the kitchen, the cream colored wolf stood next to Samm as they looked into the mirror, their barely overweight forms looking as thin as a toothpick in the reflection of the mirror. “Heehee, Travis is going to fall for it right away, I’m sure of it!” Samm said to herself, rubbing her paws together while grinning widely. “Should I call him now?” Ellie asked, reaching out for the landline phone on the counter near the kitchen table. “Only if you’re all done cooking, I want everything perfectly set when that little grey and white fur ball gets here.” Nodding, the cream colored wolf picked up the phone and dialed, her quick paws memorizing the locations of the buttons to call the grey dog over.


	Travis leaned back as he lazily watched television, his remote resting idly on his belly. Even with Tosh making fun of moronic furs on Comedy Central, the grey dog’s vision couldn’t help but wander to his flat tummy. It’s been weeks since the donut incident, where Travis greedily ate several boxes of donuts laced with fattening chemicals, leaving him FAR from mobile. While the dark and light grey dog’s figure had slimmed tremendously, Travis had to give up his number one all-time favorite thing in the entire world: food. Travis nearly snarled at himself from the grueling weeks of eating nothing but bland salads and tasteless water. There was nothing neither delicious nor nutritious about that at all! As if mocking him, the grey dog’s belly emitted a weak grumble, reminding poor Travis of how empty he has been lately. Sighing, the grey dog laid on his side, smirking a little after seeing a human ride his bicycle off a rooftop. “Humans are so stupid” the grey dog said to himself, almost forgetting about his empty stomach for once.

	As if to spoil the minute, Travis heard his cell phone ring loudly, snapping the grey dog back to reality. Grumbling to himself, he fished for his IPhone from the cushions and answered it irritably. “What?” Travis snarled, slightly caught off guard from his own ferocity. The grey wolf soon wished he had said that even more cruelly, however, as his sharp, canine teeth starting showing up more and more from beneath his lips. Just before he could bark ferociously at the phone, however, something caught his attention. Travis’s expression went from enraged to shocked, his eyes widened like two large marbles, the cell phone resting loosely in his paws before sliding between his fingers, bouncing off the cushion and landing on the floor. The grey dog continued to stare into space for a full 10 seconds, trying to fully register the news he heard, before barking and hoping off the couch, sprinting out the front door on all fours.

	Ellie snickered as she hung up the phone, flipping yet another pancake with her other paw at the same time. Who cares if you are blind? As long as you’re ambidextrous, you are set for life. “Is he coming?” Samm asked, returning to the kitchen to grab another plate of pancakes from the cream colored wolf. Ellie grinned and looked at her friend as she continued taking care of the pancakes. “I sure hope so.  After I told him that we had a huge, full-flavor, non-fat meal just to celebrate his amazing weight loss, he didn’t say anything for a minute, then I heard the phone drop!” Both wolves chuckled at the silly antics of Travis. It wasn’t long before the cream colored wolf’s sharp ears raised, earing the soft padding of the grey dogs paws scampering nearby. 

“I can hear him coming a mile away.” Ellie snorted, shaking her head slightly at how cute Travis can be. Hearing Ellie’s remark, Samm chuckled and walked to the door, ready for the hungry dog to make his way into the house. The black wolf didn’t even make it to the door, however, before Travis bolted in, dashing past Samm before sliding to a halt by the kitchen table. What the grey dog saw would make anyone’s jaw drop onto the floor.

	Stacks of ham piled on top of each other, alongside enormous amounts of warm, yellow eggs. Next to those laid several pancakes, each stacked on top of each other like a carb-filled tower, just waiting to blimp up whoever even looks at them too long. And finally, taking up the other half of the table, laid a mountain of deserts. Cakes, cookies, donuts, cupcakes, enough sugar to keep one hyper for days! (But, apparently, sugar doesn’t make you hyper. Thanks a lot, Arty the wolf, for ruining that for me! http://www.furaffinity.net/journal/4246405/ ) a thin string of drool slowly poured out of Travis’s gaping maw, whimpering from the sight that befell him. Even the smell was enough to make someone go wild! Chuckling, Ellie came over with the last plate of pancakes, making the table groan from the intense weight. “Well, what are you waiting for, an invitation? This food isn’t gonna eat itself!” Samm said from behind the dark and light grey wolf, patting his shoulder gently. 

	“I…I can’t eat all this…if I do you’re just gonna make me go a long time without eating again!” Travis whimpered, his pupils widening, looking like a puppy watching someone dangling a treat in front of his muzzle.  Ellie walked to the other side of the gaping dog, playfully nuzzling into him. “Awww, don’t worry about it. I promise you not an inch will be added to your belly.” The cream colored wolf smiled gently, affectionately rubbing Travis’s thin midsection. “Do you see that mirror over there?” Ellie spoke to the grey dog, pointing to the gold-framed objecting sitting in the back of the room. “We bought that just for you! If you feel a little overweight, you can just look at yourself. Now stop worrying and get eating!”

	Travis, now relinquished from any invisible bonds keeping him in place, yipped and leapt onto the chair, sitting himself firmly in place before helping himself to some of those large, fluffy pancakes. “Mmmm blueberries!! My favorite!” The grey dog was at bliss as he forked another large helping of flapjacks into his maw, closing his eyes and smiling as the syrup-soaked bread exploded with flavor into his maw, the warm, moist pancakes along with the sweet, thick taste of syrup, complimented with a few tangy, juicy blueberries. It truly was a taste to die for, as the grey canine dived into another pancake, and another, and another, and another.

	The grey wolf was so focused on his engorging that he didn’t notice the little transformation happening to him right then and there. As he ate, Travis’sflat belly slowly started to fill out, looking a little more like a gut and a little less skinny. After his tenth pancake, the grey dog let out a thundering belch, rubbing his soft tummy. “Oh man, that was just too delicious…” Travis’sears splayed after feeling his fingers sink into some of his pudge instead of resting on his bony chest like it used too. “Uh… did I put on a little…?” Seeing as to how Travis was catching on, Samm quickly stomped over to the mirror, disrupting Travis’sattention from his gut to the mirror. “What are you talking about, silly? You look the exact same as when you came here. Just look at the mirror.” Travis leaned his head to the left, trying to see past the avalanche of food he still had to conquer. Sure enough, the mirror showed the grey canine as a thin as a stick, nothing changed at all. “Oh thank goodness, I got worried!” Travis said as he went back to eating.

	Ellie grinned as she stood next to Samm watching Travis make a glutton of himself. Even though the cream colored wolf couldn’t see Travis’sbelly slowly pour out, nor his pectorals starting to round up and sag, turning into moobs, the cream colored wolf was able to hear the noisy dog stuff himself silly, sensing the eggs disappearing into his chubbier maw, even hearing the chair creak under Travis’sinflating butt. “He certainly is letting himself go, isn’t he?” The cream colored wolf asked Samm, hearing her friend’s tail wagging furiously. “Definitely, he must be almost 300 pounds already, and he’s still going!” Samm whispered back, watching Travis take a large mug filled with half and half milk and guzzle it down his greedy lips, his soft belly going from a little gut, to basketball sized, to as big as a beach ball! The fat dog’s moobs continued to slowly inflate; looking as if he would need a bra if this kept going. Travis munched on another large helping of sausages, his voluminous bosom starting to wedge itself into the chair with every bite, Travis’s wagging tail gradually diminishing as his back fat and large arse rolled over it as if fighting each other for canine domination. 

	The mirror was having trouble keeping up with Travis’samazing fat expansion, trying to make the blubber ball of a dog look at least a little skinny. Unfortunately, it just couldn’t hide that much lard, as Travis’strue form slowly began fading in. Travis lifted his stubby muzzle away from his bowl of ramen to look up at himself in the mirror, seeing a massively obese grey pig where slender a dog should be. Travis stared at his corpulent form and gulped audibly, shocked at how impossibly fat he had gotten in a mere few minutes. Unfortunately for Travis, that swallow contained an entire mouthful of scrambled eggs, the extra weight too much for the chair as it splintered and snapped right from underneath the fat dog. The floor nearly shook from Travis’senormous ass cascading onto the hardwood floor, his entire flabby body moving in all directions, his fat acting like a whirlpool of fat as it moves back and forth restlessly. 

	Travis took his time inspecting every square inch of his extra flab, even lifting up parts of his belly and fatty arms to get a feel for how soft they were. The obese dog’s cheeks had swelled up to the size of a balled up fist, his chin, which now reached three, stayed draped up under Travis’s muzzle like a somewhat inflated balloon. Speaking of balloons, the lard-filled canine’s rump close resembled two large party balloons. Anyone could have written “Happy Birthday” on both of them and tied a string to each cheek with no one figuring out that one was something fun to hug and squish, while the other was acceptable around children. Travis’s gut was a marvel all on its own, the light grey furred pudge resting in between his spread out legs, spilling past his knees, some of it even spilling onto his turkey-leg thighs. Travis gripped a pawful of his belly, shocked at how easily is squished into his hand, as if he was grabbing an enormous water balloon. 

	“W-what have I…What is this…?” Just then, Travis’s stomach gave a loud gurgle, the noise echoing across the entire room. Without warning, the obese dog leaned forward with his fat arms stretched out, trying to grab more deserts to cram into his chubby maw. Unfortunately, Travis only managed to lean forward, landing with a loud plop onto his large belly, his fat squishing out from both sides of his wide sides as if lying on a very squishy yoga ball. Whimpering like the overfed, spoiled pup he was, Travis barked, trying his best to reach for the food. “Mmmmmf…So hungry!” 

	Without hesitating, Ellie and Samm appeared next to Travis, joyfully taking a few slices of cake to stuff into the corpulent canine’s maw. Travis laid on his belly in bliss, his eyes fluttering shut as both wolves continued feeding him seemingly endless amounts of food, causing more lard to deposit itself around the morbidly obese canine’s figure. While Travis laid there like a beached whale, his belly continued to jut forward, spreading sideways across the floor as Travis laid on his belly. After a generous helping of carrot cake, however, did the blobby dog’s belly actually begin to lift him up, his thick, heavy legs becoming useless as the dangled against his sides, sinking into his rising mass off fur and blubber that was his light grey tummy. Not only did Travis’s belly grow, however, but his appetite seemed to have augmented as well. The spoiled rotten dog merely had to keep his fat maw open and inhale his deserts while Samm and Ellie did the rest, working up a sweat to keep up with his behemoth of blubber. It started getting slightly more difficult, however, as Travis started growing taller than the two wolves. Travis allowed himself to peak an eye open to admire his massive state, each butt cheek was now as big enough to be used as a beanbag chair, each moob looking like grey, circular pillows. Travis’s belly, however, took the cake in terms of magnificence. At six feet tall and eight feet wide, the colossal canine’s belly churned and grumbled loudly, his metabolism quickly turning every gram of food into pure lard and spreading it all across Travis’s body. While that was amazing, however, only one thing caught Travis’s eye before deciding to close them again and holds his maw open for more food: he was only half way done.

=====================================================================================

	Ellie panted and wheezed, not used to moving such large amounts of food for so long without any rest. To her left, the light colored wolf could hear her friend complain as well. “Aw man, my arm’s hurt so much!” Snickering, Ellie playfully nudged Samm, but even that was tough on the sore wolf. “I know exactly what you mean, my arms feel like jelly.” “My arms would probably literally feel like jelly if I could see them!” Both wolves turned their heads in unison to what they had creative.

	Travis was fat; there was no other way to describe it. In fact, he was more than fat, more than obese even! Travis was a leviathan of lard, a behemoth of blubber, a champion of chub. The doughy dog, weighing an incredible 10 tons, filled up over half the room, looking like a sphere made completely of fat, his back squishing slightly against the roof from his 12 foot tall belly pushing him up. Travis smiled, knowing that his limbs, which are embedded behind several yards of fat, were enlarged as well as the rest of him. The massive wolf could barely feel most of the table wedged inside one of his belly rolls (at least he was sure it was the table. His head sinking into his neck flab plus his fatty cheeks squishing against part of his eyes plus his fifteen foot wide belly made it very difficult to see anything). Travis smiled, however, as he felt two figures squish heavily into his expansive fat, his warm, furry belly molding around the two smaller wolves below him as they rubbed around with both arms, trying their best to rub as much Travis as possible. Before dosing off again from the food coma, however, Travis had to ask one very important question:

“Does this mean I’m off my diet?”

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/9724713/