Aaaaah yeah I'm late for Bowser day, sorry. I did stream the first half to this story on Bowser day, but only managed to finish it now I'm afraid. Still, this certainly was a fun one to write, whether it's messing around with funny interactions to throwing all of my kinks into a story. 

I hope you all enjoy! ^^



“AIIIIIIIIYEEEEE!!”

	Bowser laughed heartily as he stormed down the corridor, his footsteps echoing throughout the hallway. The shrieks and screeches of the blonde damsel in distress tossed unceremoniously over his shoulder never ceased to bring a smile to his face. Something about the way she squirmed and fidgeted gave him a sense of dominance, as befitting a conquering king such as himself. Granted, he was practically running for his life, knowing that the minute Mario showed up, he would be made into turtle soup, but until that moment, he was in control!

	“Put me down, you ugly brute!” Princess Peach demanded, her dainty hands pawing at her captor’s hardened shell. “I’m literally one kidnapping away from attending counseling, Bowser! Do you know how mentally draining it is to be thrown about from castle to castle?”

	“Bwahahaha! Do I look like I care?” The King of the Koopas chortled. Feeling extra mischievous today, Bowser stuck his free hand out and dug his claws into the wallpaper, scratching it as he dashed. “We could always make your castle look like mine! First things first, this pink crud has to go!”

	“Aiiiiiiiiyeee! I handpicked that myself!” Peach cried out, but her words fell on deaf ears. Reveling in his destructive power, the monstrous turtle suddenly changed directions, slamming his way into a nearby door with all the strength an eight foot beast would possess. 

“Hahaharr! Did you handpick that door too?” Bowser roared, smashing his foot onto the splintered remains of the door. To be honest, he had wanted to smash his way through that door ever since his first kidnapping of the princess, seeing as how it was nearly three times as big as the others. He could have actually fit through it without breaking anything, you know, if he actually wanted to. Of course, in most cases, the Koopa King was more intent on escaping with Peach than with touring the castle, but considering his sudden desire to destroy and show off his power, he figured a few detours couldn’t hurt. 

	And what a detour this was!

	Looking up from the smashed door, Bowser’s jaw dropped to the floor at the sight before him. The room was nearly the size of a ballroom, but twice as extravagant! The walls and ceiling were dazzling as countless miniature gems dotted the perimeter, each crystal shining its own unique and vibrant light. The floor was covered in red velvet carpet so thick even Bowser felt himself sinking into the plush material. Hanging from the ceiling was a massive chandelier larger than any wrecking ball he had at home, adorned with enough jewels to make it shine like a disco ball. 

	But that wasn’t what made Bowser drop his jaw.

	No, it was the massive 50 ft. table that stretched from one room to the other; or rather, what was on the table. Platters and plates filled to the very brim with the very best dishes in the entire mushroom kingdom! Yoshi tongue stew, tempura Cheep Cheep, Dinoberry pastries, and much much more lay sprawled along the table, which was positively creaking beneath the weight. Just as appetizing were the Toads standing beside the table, the mushroom-headed denizens frozen in fear at the sight of their beloved ruler kidnapped once more by the ferocious Bowser. 

	The Koopa King had to swallow what felt like a gallon of saliva before managing to speak again, pointing his yellow scaled claw at the nearest Toad. “You there, the one with the kabobs! What is all this!” 

	Letting out a collective shriek, the frenzied fungus flung whatever they were carrying at the monster before dashing out, screaming at the top of their lungs. 

	With an indignant snort, Bowser lifted Peach until she was eyelevel with him. “Well?” No dice, the princess had passed out due to the shock of witnessing her captor’s cruelty firsthand. 

	“Bah, useless!” The turtle snorted, lowering the blonde maiden until she lay collapsed on the floor. It’s not like he really cared why there just happened to be a massive feast being prepared on the day he planned to kidnap Peach. What mattered most was, while his minions were outside creating a diversion, Bowser had the entire castle to himself, and that includes this dining hall!

	Licking his chops, the large Koopa marched towards the end of the table, tossing the wooden chair over his shoulder and seating himself right there on the floor. Just sitting so close to the food overwhelmed the mischievous tyrant, a steady stream of drool pouring out from his panting maw. Wasting no time, Bowser snatched nearest bucket of grilled Kuribo Wings, tossing them into his mouth by the handful like popcorn, bone and all. Wiping the grease off his lips, the muscular turtle helped himself to several scrambled yoshi eggs. “Ha! My favorite kind too! It’s like they knew I was coming!” Bowser roared with pleasure, disregarding the tiny metallic utensils for his own two paws as he shoveled the yellow food straight down his gullet. 

It was like that for every plate the draconic turtle shoved down his throat. Everything was prepared exactly the Koopa King would order from his chefs back at his own castle, except several times better than anything those goofball goombas could ever whip up! Even the unfamiliar food tasted heavenly to Bowser, the Blimpfruit Blintz tasting especially fine. However, little did the dragon-turtle hybrid realize that to achieve great taste, you must be willing to sacrifice nutritional value with something a little less healthy.

Naturally, Bowser was unaware of the changes inside his body, his mind too focused on the food at hand; however, anyone watching on the side would have noticed the Koopa King looking a little rounder after his 6th dish. With every meal he ate, Bowser grew a little bit softer, a little bit wider, a little bit heavier. His strong arms started to lose definition, the muscles slowly buried beneath a layer of fat that wobbled with every action he took. His shell was starting to look a few sizes too small, if that’s even possible. His broad muzzle was even broader, a pair of soft cheeks adjoining his face while his once-chiseled chin slowly grew into chins. Of course, the main star of this show was the Koopa King’s gut, which billowed outwards as he gorged. Further and further it grew, slowly pushing his chunky thighs further apart as it fought for space on the ground before him, rippling like a half-deflated beach ball. And yet, Bowser was content to sit and gorge, stuffing his chubby face with as much food within reach.

	That is, until it wasn’t in reach anymore. 

	“Ghuh!?” The tubby tyrant snorted as he reached for a delicious looking turkey, only for his claws to come up just a few inches short. Grunting with exertion, Bowser leaned further in a futile effort to grab at the food, seemingly unaware that the obstacle was sitting right in his lap. “Hnnnnnggr! Stupid table!” Bowser struggled, his very being trembling and jiggling from the effort. With a growl, the fat reptile grabbed at the tablecloth and pulled, attempting to haul the rest of the food within arm’s reach, only to discover that it was pinned against the table by his very large belly. 

“Ah, to heck with it! Minions, assemble!” Bowser called out, his soft chins wobbling.

To his delight, the Koopa King’s hired goons dashed into the room one by one, a dimpled smile forming on his chubby face. The same could not be said for the first Koopa who entered as he stopped dead in his tracks at the sight of his master. “Y-your Lordliness, is that really you?!”

The Bowser sitting before them certainly looked like the Bowser they knew; at least, if someone replaced him with a lookalike plushy and filled it with water. The bloated king was easily thrice as large as when they had last see him, and it was easy to see why. The gluttonous king’s stomach now stood out further than his arms could reach, a whopping 4 foot ball of cream-colored scales and pudge. His rear fared little better as his rump jutted out like two golden spheres, large enough for the bottom of his comparatively-minuscule shell to scratch at if he were to lean back. 

That certainly didn’t seem very likely anytime soon. Bowser was more focused on trying to reach for food, flailing his tree trunk-thick arms before him like some sort of obese zombie. “Yes it’s me ya dolts! Now hurry up and feed me the rest of this feast!”

The Koopa from earlier took a shaky step forward, craning his head back to gaze at his king and all of his “splendor.” “Um, your highness, sir? With all due respect, I think you might have had enough…to…eat….” His voice trailed off as he noticed Bowser’s complexion become darker with every word he said, the smaller turtle now quite literally shaking in his shell.

“Is that all?” Bowser growled, 

“N-n-not at all, your massiveness!” The Koopa held up his arms defensively, forcing out a grin. “We’ve had a backup plan in case you spontaneously gained weight ever since that incident with the boos! You see, we have this treadmill in the basement that can-“

He never finished that sentence. The green turtle was lucky enough to hop out of the way from the massive fireball, the impact of which left a smoldering crater on the ground. “I am your king! You exist to serve me!” Bowser roared, fire spewing out from his chubby muzzle. “And I will not stand by and listen to my own minions back-talking me! Now get your scrawny rears in gear and feed me the rest of this feast before I decide to feast on your shells!”

And that was all the motivation Bowser’s minions needed. Whimpering with fear, the swarm of Koopas dropped any hammers or boomerangs they were carrying and instead picked up the nearest platter of food. What resulted next was an avalanche of chaos as everyone swarmed near their reptilian king, shoving each other out of the way in order to be the first to feed their chubby ruler. Nobody wanted to be target practice for Bowser’s fireball attack, and the best way to avoid any peril was to make sure that mouth was full of food instead of fire!

Not that Bowser was complaining. Soon, he had more food shoved in his face than he could keep track of! Meats, pastries, and more were crammed straight down his gullet, the tubby lizard gobbling them all up in a cacophony of chomps, snarls, and gulps. Crumbs and stains littered his plump chubby face and muzzle, his cream-colored facial scales slowly changing into a myriad of reddish colors, looking like the aftermath of a Splatoon battle.

At the rate he was eating, it certainly wouldn’t take him very long before a Splatoon battle could be waged on his girth. With every gulp, Bowser swelled out noticeably wider, his wide ass covering more of the linoleum floor while lifting him higher. The Koopas had to practically shove their way into the messy flabby beanbag chair that was Bowser’s gut just to reach his maw. As Bowser’s weight hit the three ton mark, the smaller turtles opted to simply climb on the corpulent king’s stomach, using Bowser’s squishy scales as arm and footholds as they climbed their king like a rock climbing wall. 

Deep within his hunger-addled head, Bowser knew that he was pushing past the point of no return. He could feel his arms lose all use, his spiked wristband popping off while they rested on his similar-sized love handles. His tail was nothing more than a memory at this point, buried beneath layers upon layers of back and butt blubber. His spiked shell now covered a mere fraction of his blubbery xylophone back, now serving as a reminder on how far the Koopa had grown. And in a strange way, he loved every second of it.

“*Omf Nomf * More! I need *Munch crunch gulp* more food, darn it!” Bowser managed to shout out between mouthfuls, sputtering out drool and foodstuffs down his chubby chins. He loved being massive, there was no doubt about that, but there was something oddly satisfying about being so tremendously obese to along with his surge In height. Perhaps it was feeling the once-beautiful room become utterly devastated by his gluttonous nature, sauces and other spilled food staining the glimmering walls and floor just as it did his stomach. Maybe it was finally indulging in his need to consume as much as possible, something the Koopa Lord had repressed after a certain incident with Fawful. Regardless, Bowser was utterly loving his new size and weight! And like every spoiled greedy king, he wanted more!

More was exactly what he got. Cracks formed in the floor around Bowser’s truck-sized tush. Soon the parakoopas flew in the help relieve their exhausted wingless brethren, flying extra rations to their mountainous monarch at unprecedented speeds. The obese Koopa lord’s maw was constantly open to allow a continuous stream of food to flow into his gullet, not even bothering to chew or even swallow. Similarly, his stomach blorped forward like a tidal wave of blubber, shoving aside empty platters as it swarmed over the table. It was utterly ridiculous, how quickly Bowser was gaining, each gulp of food adding nearly a hundred pounds to his weight…

“Stop stop STOOOOOOP!!”

Bowser’s maw continued to hang open, still expecting his steady avalanche of food to flow into him. When the shouting finally reached his ears hidden in fat, the mountainous Koopa slowly opened his eyes, glancing down at the figure that dared to halt his binge.

He was a tiny man, or rather Bowser was just so enormous that everyone looked rather miniscule. It was difficult to see past his bloated choice-sized cheeks or his impressive mattress of a chin, but the lardaceous lizard was somehow able to notice the blue-headed toad standing by the doorway across from him. “How…dare you… stop my feast,” Bowser growled between wheezes, his wide open mouth constantly gulping for air. 

“And how dare you for destroying my castle, my daughter’s wallpaper, and your own body!” The blue creature shouted back, marching forward until he vanished from view beneath Bowser’s massive gut. 

“Heh… worth it,” Bowser chuckled, remembering the events that brought him to his current position. If Peach was this strange toad’s daughter, does that make him the king of the Mushroom Kingdom? That would explain how he was able to order his minions around, something only a true ruler like himself could do. Speaking of rulers, where was Peach during all of this? Surely she had managed to escape during this time, or was that person-sized lump he felt pressing against his butt cheeks really who he thought it was? Bowser grinned again.

That grin quickly faded into an annoyed grimace as he felt the ‘king’ start climbing the edge of his massive stomach, the toad’s voice amplified once he reached his cavernous belly button. “Honestly, do you have no decency?! Yes, the feast was laced with an addictive agent as well as a few fattening potions our toad mages were able to concoct, but we did not intend for you to eat them all! If anything, we expected you to chow through a few platters before breaching yourself on your back or something!” The toad started wheezing as he clambered higher and higher, almost disappearing inside the Koopa’s blanketing folds. “Instead, you eat yourself until you’re the size of a blimp!”

“Still… worth it,” Bowser chuckled, his tongue hanging out the side of his chubby muzzle. Boy, all this talking was exhausting; he could really use a snack right about now.

“No, it is not ‘worth it!” The Koopa glanced up to see the blue toad standing before his face, the pint-sized king a fraction of the size that Bowser was before his enlargement. Huffing from his trek up Castle Koopa, the blue toad wipped his shoes on Bowser’s chins as if they were a doormat, one hand covering his face. “Phew, close that darn mouth of yours, boy! It’s tough to give ya a lecture with you panting in my face! It’s bad enough you made an old man like me climb almost two stories of belly just to reach your freaking head, having to tolerate your stench is another feat entirely! Haven’t you ever heard of wiping your face after you eat?!”

“Raaaaawr! How dare you speak to the King of the Koopas like that!” Was what Bowser meant to say; however, his increased size had made speaking a bit of a chore. If he wanted to roar like he used to, he needed a big breath. Snarling with anger, the tubby tyrant opened his maw wide and inhaled as hard as he could, a spiraling funnel of air forming by his mouth.

A funnel of air, and a certain King.

With a CHOMP, Bowser had trapped the Toad king within his maw, swallowing the pint-sized morsel with ease. It didn’t even make a bulge in his fat throat as the blue monarch traveled down into his stomach.

Bowser’s servants trembled with fear, and rightfully so! To devour the ruler of the Mushroom Kingdom whole so effortlessly was quite the traumatic experience! Nobody knew what to do or say after witnessing something so horrid; nobody except Bowser, that is.

“Hey… you…” The blob of a turtle growled to the floating Parakoopas, causing them to squeak with shock. “He’s gone…I’m not… more food!” 

And so, as the day (and story) came to a close, Bowser’s conquest had only just begun. Free of any restraint, the lardaceous lord was free to order around both Koopas and Toads at his leisure, effectively doubling his rate of consumption. Once the food ran out, Bowser devoured plates, furniture, anything his loyal servants to carry to his maw. Bit by bit he swallowed up the entire room in his flab, his head and limbs all but vanishing beneath waves of blubber. Soon the room caved outwards, followed by the next one, and the next. Within the hour, the entire castle was little more than wreckage being consumed by the truly colossal Koopa, his shape visible countries over!

Bowser growled with delight as he expanded throughout the land, knowing there was nothing anyone could do now to stop him. The feeling of truly being unstoppable, not by Mario or Luigi or anyone, was almost as euphoric as the conglomeration of food being poured into his maw. Even if he couldn’t physically move his lips anymore, the tyrant grinned on the inside. Today, Mushroom Kingdom; tomorrow, the world!

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/24424480/