It's ridiculous how long this took haha, really sorry folks ^^

Part 2 of my collab with  bendor http://www.furaffinity.net/view/16995629/ is his drawing based on a scene from this story 

Hope you enjoy!



	Not one to break a promise, Bowser made sure his underlings were provided an evening feast every day. Thanks to their benevolent king, the various Koopas and Goombas earned the privilege to enjoy a multitude of different cuisines, each with their own unique flavor. Various meats, pastas, pastries, and more were consumed on a day-by-day basis. Their original grub tasted like cardboard compared to these delicacies! In only a few short days, the hot topic discussed around Bowser's Kingdom quickly changed from how amazing their king did in battle to how generous he was in providing such excellent banquets. Even the low ranked minions were treated with a bellyful of some of the most delicious cookery they'll ever eat in their lifetimes! Of course, the sudden change in diet didn't come with its fair share of consequences. 

	"Ugh, stupid cloak," Kamek muttered to himself as he sat on his broomstick, struggling with his uniform. As much as he pulled the edges of the purple fabric, the Magikoopa just couldn't manage to cover up his noticeable paunch. Realizing the truth of the matter, Kamek admitted defeat and released his cloak, feeling it cling to his well-rounded sides uncomfortably. Raising his thick spectacles, he looked down at his yellow potbelly, a tinge of regret making its way through his mind. He knew it was no one else's fault but his own that he was having trouble with his weight, yet he couldn't help but feel somewhat annoyed by Bowser's constant feasts. Speaking of Bowser, the chubby Magikoopa quickly pulled himself back together and rode off on his broom, remembering why he set out in the first place as well as trying to ignore the fact that his hovering stick flew a little lower than usual.

	As he rode along his broomstick, Kamek couldn't help but notice many of the koopas suffered the same fate he did. While some managed to maintain their figure, most koopas were cursed with a few extra inches to their waistlines, giving them a much bulkier appearance. While their broader backs and puffier shoulders gave the minions a larger presence from behind, their chubby cheeks and roly-poly bellies made them look more cuddly than intimidating. Not even their trademark turtle shells could conceal their extra weight effectively, the green carapaces packed with excess flesh. One gluttonous Koopa even managed to somehow get stuck in his shell, the tubby turtle clinging to a nearby doorway while everyone in close proximity grabbed his shell and pulled (except for the Goombas, but you can't really blame them). Shaking his head at such a pitiful sight, Kamek rode past the group of pudgy Koopas, somewhat relieved to know he wasn't the only one suffering. 

	After passing through many hallways, many of which smelled delicious (it wasn't an uncommon practice for Koopas to bring extra food from the feasts back to their dorms to reheat), Kamek eventually found himself behind a pair of massive red doors, each with Bowser's insignia on it. Even with the two large doors closed, the chubby Magikoopa could still his king's loud munching and smacking. Normally, Kamek would knock on the doors and ask for permission to enter Bowser's room, but he doubt the greedy ruler would hear it behind his noisy eating. Deciding to run the risk of being seriously reprimanded for his actions, Kamek sighed and opened the doors with a wave of his wand, flinching slightly at the sight that befell him.

	While most of Bowser's minions had to wait until the evening to wolf down the savory food, the King of Koopas himself had the privilege to enjoy the cookery whenever he desired. Currently, he was exercising such privilege as he tore into a turkey leg, splattering grease across his muzzle. Once he swallowed his mouthful of meat, Bowser carelessly tossed the useless bone behind him before grabbing another leg from a plate on his extended gut, completely disregarding the Magikoopa flying before him. It was only when said Magikoopa audibly cleared his throat did Bowser finally realize someone else was in the room with him. "Ah, Kamek! Good to see ya!" he exclaimed with a toothy smile, unknowingly disgusting his advisor by revealing a few slabs of meat stuck to his teeth. Ignoring Kamek's repulsed facial demeanor, the high king thrust his chubby arm holding the half-eaten leg towards the startled Magikoopa, grease flying onto his glasses. "Wanna bite?"

	Feeling his skin crawl, Kamek slowly removed his dirty spectacles, using his purple cloak to wipe off the grease. "Er, no thanks, Your Mightiness, but there is something I'd like to discuss with you." Equipping his glasses, Kamek felt his stomach sink a bit as he looked at his king. In only a few short weeks, Bowser had transformed from a strong and powerful tyrant into a fat and lazy slob. Instead of wandering about to boss around a handful of underlings like he used to, Bowser would sit on his throne for most of the day while enjoying his fair share of the spoils of war. When he wasn't sleeping or shouting at someone, he was eating whatever delicious concoctions his chefs would create. Despite the continuous day-long snacking, Bowser managed to find more than enough room in his stomach to enjoy the evening feasts with his minions, the cheerful mood and constant praising lighting up his fiery appetite. The various Koopas even created a game centered on their ruler's bottomless stomach, betting on how much food Bowser could stuff into his gullet before retreating into his quarters. So far, the bidder who guessed the most amount of food always won. 

	With Bowser's sudden change in diet, it came as a surprise to no one when his figure quickly took a turn for the worse. After three weeks of unhealthy eating, the King of Koopas had been reduced (or rather increased) to his current flabby form now. His scaly belly had swollen up with multiple layers of adipose, now serving as a jiggling table for Bowser. His muscular arms had quickly lost all definition, now resembling two wide tubes of dough that only served to bring more food to their owner's greasy muzzle. The Koopa King's face sported some chubby cheeks as well, looking stuffed even if there wasn't any food in his mouth (which wasn't often). Even his angular chin was replaced with a squishy one, followed by a second chin drooping low enough to conceal his spiked collar. Bowser had quickly surpassed chubby, Kamek thought to himself, angry with himself for not speaking up sooner; Bowser was fat!

	"Huh? What is it?" Bowser asked as he rested his flabby arms on his sides, his love handles spilling over the edges of his throne. 

	"Well, uh, you see…" Kamek mumbled, fingering with the sleeves on his robe as he looked for the words to use. "Um, for starters we've really been enjoying your feasts you've been throwing, your Manliness...perhaps a little too much. As I'm sure you've plainly seen, your troops have started to grow soft, myself included. In fact, lord Bowser," Kamek muttered, sweat trickling down his face at what he was about to say next. "… You may have put on some weight as well."

	 The Magikoopa flinched after he was finished talking, fearing his king would rise up from his chair and attack him, even if his wide rear was most likely stuck in his throne. Instead, however, Bowser let out a hearty laugh, resting a claw on his voluminous paunch. "Gya ha ha har! That's it? I thought you were worried about something serious!" he chuckled, grabbing a goblet of soda from a nearby stand. "Yeah, I know I put on a couple pounds, no big deal. It's not like that one time those Boos force-fed me and I got stuck in the floor. Boy, was I a real porker, ha harr!" 

	"This flab is nothing compared to that. I'll work it off tomorrow or something; for now, I could sure use some ribs," Bowser said, holding his empty plate up to a nearby Parakoopa, the poor winged Koopa already looking quite faded from ferrying food back and forth to Bowser. 

	"I think you're underestimating the problem here, your Excellency. Your stomach is almost down to your knees now! You can barely even fit in your throne! In fact, now that I look at it, you're almost as fat as-"

	"Hey! Don't talk about my papa like that!" Kamek nearly jumped off his broom in shock when he heard the sudden, high-pitch squeal from behind. Turning around, the chubby Magikoopa was surprised to see the one and only Prince of Koopas: Bowser Jr. Surprisingly, the little prince, despite his spoiled nature, was one of the few inhabitants of Bowser's Castle who managed to escape the sudden obesity epidemic. While he retained a fair amount of baby fat, Bowser Jr. was still surprisingly lithe compared to most other Koopas. 

	"Gya ha har! You tell him, Jr.!" Bowser guffawed, his second chin jiggling in sync with his laughter. "No one makes fun of your old man and gets away with it, huh?"

	"Yup! Papa is the greatest!" Bowser Jr. grinned cheekily, the spoiled prince strutting right past Kamek with a look that said "I'm his favorite Koopa, not you." Climbing onto his father's lap, Bowser Jr. leaned his back into Bowser Sr.'s soft gut, sinking halfway into the flabby surface. "In fact, papa is so great, I know what he should take over next!"

	"Oh yeah? What should I conquer?" Bowser asked, raising his soda-filled goblet for another sip.

	"The Mushroom Kingdom, of course!" 

	Bowser Jr. barely had time to duck as his dad suddenly lurched forward, soda spraying out of his mouth. Unfortunately, Kamek's reflexes were rather dull from old age. The tubby Magikoopa suddenly found himself drenched with the purple sticky liquid. Feeling his lunch suddenly rise up to the back of his throat, Kamek carefully removed his spectacles and wiped them, smearing the lenses even worse. "Um, the Mushroom Kingdom isn't something we talk about in front of your father anymore, young prince," he said calmly as he wore his glasses again, frowning when all he saw was a purple haze.

	"He's right, son. We, er, kind of learned our lesson after the last time we tried to kidnap Peach." Bowser regretfully informed his son as he leaned back into his chair, smoothing out the folds that appeared along his flabby midsection. "As much as I'd love to beat Mario's face in and stomp on those stupid Toads, I've kinda… given up." Bowser sighed, resting his fatty head on his claw, his chubby cheek squishing around his fingers. 

	"What are you talking about? You're stronger than ever, papa!" Bowser Jr. exclaimed, grabbing a hold of his father's squishy arm fat. "Look how big and strong you've gotten! You look like you can push a mountain! Besides, you told everyone about how amazing you were with the fight against the Yoshi's, right? What would they think if their strong and powerful ruler gave up? I don't wanna see you quit, papa," the young Koopa sniffled, his eyes glistening. 

	Bowser felt his own eyes water up at the sight of his only son begging him to try again. Patting the boy's head, the tubby tyrant smiled and pulled down a microphone from the ceiling, the castle's speakers buzzing to life. "Attention all minions, this is your supreme commander speaking. I hope you've been enjoying the spoils of our recent war, because I plan on taking it a step further! From this day forward, I'm imposing a strict training schedule on everyone here. I want the Hammer Bros. to throw farther, the Lakitu's to hit harder, and the Goombas to… shuffle side to side faster. Whoever shows the most progress at the end of the day gets first dibs at supper every night. In two months, we're not just gonna invade the Mushroom Kingdom, we're gonna trample it and claim it as our own!"

	The shouts and cheers of the Koopas rebounded throughout the entire castle with enough force to even make Bowser's throne jiggle, causing its heavy-set inhabitant to jiggle quite a bit. Oblivious to the jiggling, the chubby king smiled again as he embraced his son, his thick arms and soft belly almost enveloping the smaller Koopa. "Thanks for the pep talk, Jr. Your papa really needed that,"

	"Heehee, no problem dad!" Bowser Jr. said enthusiastically as he nuzzled his old man's chest, surprised at how comfortable he was to hug. Turning his head back, the spoiled prince stuck his tongue at the Magikoopa, who was still trying to process what just happened. "You heard my papa. Go get training, fatty!"

	Kamek blinked, surprised to finally be addressed to after being excluded from everything that just happened. With a heaving sigh, the chubby Magikoopa turned his broom around and slowly hovered away, confused on how to feel about the situation. His leader completely ignored him, his most trusted advisor, and instead listened to his brat of a son who has no idea how hard Bowser has it, constantly losing to a pair of plumbers. On the other hand, perhaps it was a good thing for Bowser Jr. to convince his dad to fight again. Surely his new-founded motivation would be enough to get his master back in shape again!

	As he reached the door, Kamek turned around to glance back at the King Koopa, his stomach dropping at what he was witnessing. The exhausted Parakoopa from earlier finally flew back, struggling to carry the massive tray of ribs Bowser requested. Meanwhile, the young prince eagerly grabbed a large cut of it by the bone, holding it in front of his father's chubby maw. Chuckling at his son's silly antics, Bowser grinned and started chomping away at the meat. With each bite, he was rewarded with the cheerful sound of his son's laughter, followed by even more ribs thrust right in front of his muzzle. Sighing sadly, Kamek turned back towards the door and rode out, the sad realization that he had been replaced bearing down on him as he rode through the hallways alone. Whatever happens to this kingdom was completely out of his control now.

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/16995803/