My half of a trade with  sasuke (it's weird watching Naruto while writing a fat fur story about Sasuke, it gives me funny mental images :p) 

Denya managed to convince Sasuke to finally check out this abandoned chocolate factory. What was meant to be just a midnight snack turns into a full on eating binge, however, as Denya locks Sasuke in, forcing him to eat his way out. I hope you like it dude ^^



	The full moon shone brightly in the lucid night, casting a clear light onto the earth, bright enough to create shadows. A chilling breeze flew gently from the south, provoking a calming rustle from the numerous trees nearby. Nearby, the clock tower struck once, symbolizing the one hour mark after midnight. Several crows cawed and flew from their perch, sensing an intruder nearby. All in all, it was a peaceful sight, capable of lulling anyfur nearby into a trance-like sense of tranquility.

	This sense of tranquility, however, was lost as the two lumbering draolves slowly ambled their way up a small hill, their foot paws almost soaked from the dew-covered grass. "I knew I should have brought socks" Sasuke grumbled as he nearly fell for the fifth time, causing his immense gut to almost touch the floor. From behind, a smaller, yet just as round figure slowly waddled behind him. "Hey, be careful where you step, man. I don't want to run down this hill away from you Indiana Jones style." Denya said with a chuckle, never missing an opportunity to taunt the larger draolf's weight. "Another remark like that and I won't fall on accident!" Sasuke barked back, considering what Denya would look like as a pancake. "How much further until we're actually there?"

	"Just after this hill, I promise" Denya replied, crawling on all fours now for better traction. Unfortunately for Sasuke, the rounder draolf's stomach would squish against the floor, preventing his fore arms from touching the ground. "Damn," the 10 foot 2 ton draolf panted, rubbing a paw across his sweaty orange hair. "Denya *pant pant* I swear to god *wheeze* if it's not there I'm gonna rip off your-" "There it is!" Denya interrupted, the 6 foot 400 pound draolf quickly waddled up next to Sasuke. From a distance, the two draolves looked remarkably similar. Sasuke's taller, rounder physique and orange hair, however, were the main distinguishable properties to the smaller, skinnier blond draolf. Denya also has a blue stripe along his middle, but I'm getting way too off topic here…

	Denya slid down the hill towards the factory while Sasuke half stumbled, half rolled down. Soon they were within inches from the large, rectangular shaped building; a thick, strong aroma wafting from the door and windows. The smell was enough for the larger draolf, however, as he stood there drooling, his stomach letting out a thunderous growl. "Gah! Warn me when it's gonna do that!" Denya yelped, plugging his ears. Sasuke chuckled heartily and patted his large gut. "This thing has a mind of its own, pup. I don't tell it what to do." Denya shrugged and grabbed the large door handle, looking back at Sasuke with a wide smile. "Are you ready for something that will really set your stomach going?" The rounder draolf nodded, his stomach letting loose another grumble. The younger draolf grinned again and flung open the doors.

	Air rushed out of the factory, ruffling Sasuke's fur and filling his nostrils with the glorious scent of chocolate. Closing his eyes, the round draolf inhaled again and hummed contentedly, his thick tail swaying happily behind him, almost knocking over the smaller draolf. Opening his eyes again, Sasuke smiled wildly, his eyes darting from one corner of the room to another. The entire room was literally packed with chocolates of all variety! Fudge, white chocolate, milk chocolate, dark chocolate, chocolates with coconut, chocolate with vanilla coating, and more! All of the chocolates were piled up in their own categories, with an isle running in between the different mounds. There was even a large hose in the far left corner of the room labeled "Melted chocolate. DANGER: Extremely hot. Handle with care." "Yeah right" Sasuke thought to himself with a smirk.

	"I must admit, Denya, I definitely didn't expect this! You really pulled through with your-.. Denya?" Sasuke looked around, puzzled by the disappearance of his younger companion. From the corner of his eye, he also noticed a small chunk of milk chocolate also vanished as well, most likely taken by Denya. "Good thing he didn't take the fudge," Sasuke muttered as he went to the doors, finding them firmly locked in place. Grunting, the big bellied draolf pushed and shoved at the door, hoping it would collapse under his giant figure, but to no effect. "I know what you're doing, Denya!" Sasuke panted, resting his chubby paws on his thick knees, his round stomach inches away from the ground. "You're trying to fatten me up by locking me into a giant, deserted warehouse full of chocolate, tempting me to eat as much as I can get my paws on until I'm an obese, lard-filled sack of jell-o, is that it? … Well it just might work," Sasuke muttered as the overwhelming smell of the sugary candies engulfed him.

	Deciding that enough was enough, Sasuke waddled down one of the numerous aisles, scooping up pawfuls of chocolates at a time and cramming them into his chubby maw, smearing a few of the brown treats across his chubby cheeks. Moaning in joy, the obese draolf licked his fingers and continued his stroll down the aisle, testing each category of chocolate by the pawful. To his pleasure, every single piece of chocolate was delightful in their own unique way! Despite sitting out in the open for who knows how long, the chocolates were incredibly preserved. The milk chocolate tasting light and creamy, the dark chocolate thick and filling, the fudge soft and sweet. Soon, Sasuke was less focused on what to eat next and more focused on how much he can feed himself as his paws quickly forced chocolate into his maw.

	Sasuke's increased consumption was starting to have a physical effect on his body as well. His thighs started to widen with each truck load of food the obese draolf ate, forcing his gait wider and wider apart. His thick dragon tail, while growing thicker and heavier, started to look smaller as his beach ball-sized ass cheeks engulfed the base of his tail. His stomach also started to pile on fat, now sticking half a foot further out than usual. Each step the portly draolf took was more like a stomp now, sloshing his adipose-covered body around noisily, almost throwing him off balance. "Woah," Sasuke muttered as he looked down at his spherical grey body, noticing how he's now wider than he is tall. "That is some really potent chocolate." The large draolf patted his bulbous belly, watching the ripples flow all around his chunky body. "As much as I really want to eat," Sasuke groaned, staring the piles and piles of sweet chocolate, just waiting to be poured into his maw, "I should try not to indulge myself, I need to be mobile if I want to sit on Denya later on as revenge!" With a sigh, he dropped the half eaten Hershey's bar he had been munching on and sat down on a half-melted pile of Butterfingers. 

	Almost immediately, the greedy, grey glutton's titanic tummy let loose an earth-shattering roar! Blushing with embarrassment, Sasuke grabbed at much of his flabby stomach as his thick arms could reach; trying to quell his hungry stomach's rage. "Hush you!" the corpulent draolf hissed at his belly, squeezing it tight enough for his sausage like fingers to sink into the rolls of adipose, "I can't let you blimp up too much. I want to at least waddle out of here, not roll!" Despite his meager efforts, however, Sasuke's dome of a belly erupted yet again, jiggling his entire form. "Ah, damn it you win!" The pouty pudgy draolf mumbled as he reached for another candy bar. "But I'm not gonna eat as fast as you'd like. I'm gonna take it slow."

	And take it slow he did. Sasuke reached for chocolate bars one by one, sliding them into his chocolate-coated muzzle before reaching for another one, occasionally belching between bites. The hours slowly ticked by as the obese draolf continued to eat slowly, knowing each bite is slowly taking away his mobility. Hours slowly melted by as the fat, lazy lug laid on his wide back, slowly bringing chocolate bar after chocolate bar to his messy face. After eating his 320th Reese's cup, Sasuke let out a noisey belch, shaking the entire room before resuming his eating, his eyes barely open as he lazily crammed food into it. If the lazy draolf opened his eyes just a little wider, however, he would have surely noticed what had became of his body…

	His face, for starters, certainly looked well rounded. Being the size of two softballs, Sasuke's flabby cheeks bulged out of the side of his muzzle, constantly looking full even when they were devoid of chocolate, which wasn't often. His multiple chins all folded against each other, resting against his thick, puffy chest. His moobs grew to the size of couch cushions, laying lazily on his morbidly obese body. Each of Sasuke's arms were now wider than his legs originally were, his legs spreading apart further and further due to their added fat. His ass, already fat to begin with, had swelled out to an almost disproportional size, squishing against the chocolaty ground beneath him like a pair of overstuffed beanbag chairs. The fattest part of Sasuke's doughy body, however, was his behemoth  of a belly! While his moobs were the size of couch cushions, his belly was the size of the couch itself! Sticking out nearly 12 feet out and 15 feet wide, the mammoth draolf's stomach bulged out heavily against Sasuke, sloshing with at the slightest movement. Despite not being able to see his feet, or the wall across from him for that matter, Sasuke continued to lay on his wide back and consume every nearby chocolate, one after another after another. 

	Unfortunately for Sasuke, the only thing about him that didn't change during the several hour chocolate binge was his hunger. The thousands and thousands of chocolate bars did very little to sate the giant draolf's incredible appetite, only serving to barely leave it content. "Getting…so…hungry," Sasuke whimpered as he unnoticeably started feeding himself faster, now two chocolate bars at a time instead of one. Despite the increased consumption rate, however, the morbidly obese draolf barely felt any fuller; only a stronger lust for more chocolate! Two chocolate bars at a time became three, three became four, four became five. Sasuke was virtually cramming pawfuls of the sugary treat against his face, ignoring the extra layers of chocolate smearing against his pudgy face. "*munch munch munch* so *urp* freaking *gulp* hungry!" Sasuke was shouting at no one in particular, flying into a feeding frenzy as he grabbed anything nearby and devoured it without remorse, his body continuously swelling out with flab. His stomach filled up even more, pinning him to the ground with it's incredible bulk while his limbs slowly widened out, restricting movement. Just before Sasuke's swollen limbs grew too thick to move, the obese draolf grabbed something other than chocolate…

	Without thinking, the gelatinous glutton stuffed the object into his maw and swallowed, realizing too late that said object was the hose dispensing fresh chocolate onto the conveyor belt! Immediately, Sasuke could feel the liquid chocolate squirt into his throat, forcing its way into his already overfed stomach. Already taking up a quarter of the room in sheer volume, the blobby draolf continued  drinking the excess fluid, watching his chins slowly sag lower and lower, his enormous stomach expanding outwards and downwards, his wide ass now starting to press against the wall behind him. Not only was Sasuke growing outwards, but upwards as well as he slowly grew taller, wondering how much more chocolate is still left in that hose…

	Denya belched loudly as he finished off his stash of chocolate, patting his round belly affectionately. "Phew, that was quite a bit of chocolate," the smaller draolf said, giggling and poking at his sloshing body. "Good thing I managed to sneak off with some before locking Sasuke in there. I bet a dozen donuts that that fatass is still trying to eat his way out of there!" Denya chuckled softly, suddenly squinting, however, as the sun started to rise over the hill tops. "Mrrf, morning already? I guess he's been in there long enough," Denya grumbled as he slowly tried to lean forward, his puffed up stomach squishing into multiple rolls. Grunting loudly, the tubby draolf slowly managed to balance on his two stubby legs, wobbling slightly. "Phew, look at the prized hog I've turned out to be," Denya muttered as he grabbed as much of his thick belly as possible, squeezing it to give himself an "hourglass" shape. Chuckling to himself, he quickly released his flab, almost falling forward from the sudden surge of grey flab, feeling the tip of his obese stomach graze the cold cement. Struggling to remain upright, Denya flailed around, jiggling his thick arms before finally settling down, panting loudly. "Phew… I'm almost as fat as Sasuke was earlier! I can't imagine just how big that fatty has probably grew," Denya snickered and tried to rub his paws together evily, accidently rubbing his soft moobs instead. 

	Before Denya could further, however, a window from the factory suddenly broke! Yelping in surprise, the rotund draolf hopped slightly, shaking his entire body. Looking up, Denya noticed something grey, soft, and squishy trying to squeeze its way out of the window. Before he could ask himself what was going on, several more windows spontaneously broke, more grey flab pouring through the holes. Swallowing in fear, Denya backed up slightly as he watched the entire factory start to swell slightly, the metal walls curving outwards in order to hold back their obese captive. The walls creaked and groaned, slowly splitting up before suddenly exploding all together! Denya yelped in shock as he flew back several feet from the exploding building.

	"oooow… what was that?" Denya groaned as he tried to sit up. Instead, however, the young draolf was almost completely covered by piles upon piles of grey flab not belonging to him! "Hey there, small fry," Denya froze as he heard the familiar voice, looking up at the giant, shapeless blob looking down at him. "Thanks for all the chocolate!" Sasuke said as he grinned wolfishly, looking down at the smaller draolf. Thanks to that hose, the large draolf grew even bigger! His entire flabby frame now occupies the space the factory took up, and then some, his thick sides now brushing against neighboring buildings. Sasuke laughed at Denya's pale face, savoring his revenge nicely. "What's wrong, little guy? Not expecting me to be this fat?" It was completely true, and Denya knew it. Sasuke had grown to epic proportions, a mountain of flab complete with thick, meaty moobs; two face cheeks big enough to lose an arm in, an ass that could smother a football field, and a stomach large enough to be seen from space! 

	"Having fun down there?" Sasuke taunted the baffled draolf, still pinned down by his tremendous weight. "Wow… you got fat! You're like a industrial water balloon!" Denya yelled as he tried squirming under said industrial water balloon, his movements causing small ripples of fat to jiggle across him. "I'm not only fat, I'm obese! I can't even see the ground because of you!" Sasuke said with a toothy grin, wishing his arms weren't so engrossed with flab so he could rub his paws together diabolically. "I'm also quite heavy, would you like to see how heavy?" Before Denya could protest, the mammoth of a draolf slowly leaned forward, smothering the smaller draolf into his thick, meaty belly….



	"… Hey, it's pretty soft in here!"

Downloaded from: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/12288495/